They always say time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself.
Things do not change; we change.
Nothing endures but change.
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
Things alter for the worse spontaneously, if they be not altered for the better designedly.
He that will not apply new remedies must expect new evils; for time is the greatest innovator.
When you are through changing, you are through.
Consider how hard it is to change yourself and you'll understand what little chance you have in trying to change others.
Only the wisest and stupidest of men never change.
They must often change, who would be constant in happiness or wisdom.
You must be the change you wish to see in the world.
There is a certain relief in change, even though it be from bad to worse! As I have often found in travelling in a stagecoach, that it is often a comfort to shift one's position, and be bruised in a new place.
The man who looks for security, even in the mind, is like a man who would chop off his limbs in order to have artificial ones which will give him no pain or trouble.
We are chameleons, and our partialities and prejudices change place with an easy and blessed facility, and we are soon wonted to the change and happy in it.
He who rejects change is the architect of decay. The only human institution which rejects progress is the cemetery.
The main dangers in this life are the people who want to change everything -- or nothing.
Loss is nothing else but change, and change is Nature's delight.
It is a secret both in nature and state, that it is safer to change many things than one.
Not everything that is faced can be changed. But nothing can be changed until it is faced.
Vision without action is merely a dream. Action without vision just passes the time. Vision with action can change the world.
I have my faults, but changing my tune is not one of them.
If a man die, shall he live again? All the days of my appointed time will I wait, till my change come.
Other things may change us, but we start and end with the family.
We must all obey the great law of change. It is the most powerful law of nature.
Look abroad through Nature's range, Nature's mighty law is change.
A fanatic is one who can't change his mind and won't change the subject.
If the facts don't fit the theory, change the facts.
Can anybody remember when the times were not hard and money not scarce?
There is in the worst of fortune the best of chances for a happy change.
It is not strange ... to mistake change for progress.
One must never lose time in vainly regretting the past or in complaining against the changes which cause us discomfort, for change is the essence of life.
He who shall introduce into public affairs the principles of primitive Christianity will change the face of the world.
Most of the change we think we see in life is due to truths being in and out of favor.
The tiger can't change his spots. No, wait, he did! Good for him!
In times like these, it is helpful to remember that there have always been times like these.
In a time of drastic change, it is the learners who inherit the future. The learned find themselves equipped to live in a world which no longer exists.
Don't knock the weather; nine-tenths of the people couldn't start a conversation if it didn't change once in a while.
Perhaps nothing has changed in the course of history as much as historians.
Instead of giving a politician the keys to the city, it might be better to change the locks.
The real sadness of fifty is not that you change so much but that you change so little.
If you want truly to understand something, try to change it.
Take a chance! All life is a chance. The man who goes the furthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare.
A wish changes nothing. A decision changes everything.