To measure the man, measure his heart.
The true test of character is not how much we know how to do, but how we behave when we don't know what to do.
Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power.
It's good to shut up sometimes.
Character is like a tree and reputation like its shadow. The shadow is what we think of it; the tree is the real thing.
Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power.
You cannot dream yourself into a character; you must hammer and forge yourself one.
A person reveals his character by nothing so clearly as the joke he resents.
Men show their characters in nothing more clearly than in what they think laughable.
I take it as a man's duty to restrain himself.
It is in the character of very few men to honor without envy a friend who has prospered.
Hard work spotlights the character of people: some turn up their sleeves, some turn up their noses, and some don't turn up at all.
You can tell the character of every man when you see how he receives praise.
Put more trust in nobility of character than in an oath.
Sow an act...reap a habit; Sow a habit...reap a character; Sow a character...reap a destiny.
Of all the properties which belong to honorable men, not one is so highly prized as that of character.
Good government generally begins in the family, and if the moral character of a people once degenerate, their political character must soon follow.
Sports do not build character. They reveal it.
History is the record of an encounter between character and circumstances.
Wealth stays with us a little moment if at all: only our characters are steadfast, not our gold.
Thoughts lead on to purposes; purposes go forth in action; actions form habits; habits decide character; and character fixes our destiny.
Weakness of attitude becomes weakness of character.
Talent develops in tranquillity, character in the full current of human life.
It seems to me that perfection of means and confusion of goals seems to characterize our age.
A signature always reveals a man's character - and sometimes even his name.
It is part of the American character to consider nothing as desperate - to surmount every difficulty by resolution and contrivance.
To bear failure with courage is the best proof of character that anyone can give.
Don't worry so much about your self-esteem. Worry more about your character. Integrity is its own reward?
Leadership is a potent combination of strategy and character. But if you must be without one, be without the strategy.
Ability may get you to the top, but it takes character to keep you there.
Good breeding consists in concealing how much we think of ourselves and how little we think of the other person.
Our character is what we do when we think no one is looking.
The average dog is a nicer person than the average person.