Though I am often in the depths of misery, there still calmness, pure harmony, and music inside me.
There were still the periods of darkness, the spasms of panic; but now he knew they were not real, and because he knew this he overcame them.
Depression is when you have lots of love, but no one's taking.
Depression is unfocused self-pity.
Depression is the inability to construct a future.
A lot of people don't realize that depression is an illness. I don't wish it on anyone, but if they would know how it feels, I swear they would think twice before they just shrug it.
That's the thing about depression: A human being can survive almost anything, as long as she sees the end in sight. But depression is so insidious, and it compounds daily, that it's impossible to ever see the end. The fog is like a cage without a key.
Depression occurs when one looks back with no pride, and looks forward with no hope.
Depression is melancholy minus its charms, the animation, the fits.
Instead of seeing depression as a dysfunction, it is a functioning phenomenon. It stops you cold, sets you down, makes you damn miserable.
Depression is something that makes you lose your sight.
Depression scares people off. It makes me laugh that it has that kind of effect.
I don’t think anybody's continually happy, uh, except idiots, you know. You know, you have to have little moments of depression.
If you feel depressed you shouldn't go out on the street because it will show on your face and you'll give it to others. Misery is a communicable disease.
People with depression have something very valuable to teach us... how to live when it doesn't ever feel good.
There are wounds that never show on the body that are deeper and more hurtful than anything that bleeds.
It's like being in a glass elevator in the middle of a crowded mall; you see everything and would love to join in, but the door won't open so you can't.
It's not always the tears that measure the pain. Sometimes it's the smile we fake.
Depression is like being in a totally round room and looking for a corner to sit in.
The most terrible poverty is loneliness, and the feeling of being unloved.
Telling a depressed person to be happy is the same as telling a cancer patient to cure themselves.
Often the people with the strongest hearts carry the heaviest ones.
You sometimes think you want to disappear, but all you really want is to be found.
Depression begins with disappointment. When disappointment festers in our soul, it leads to discouragement.
You largely constructed your depression. It wasn't given to you. Therefore, you can deconstruct it.
Depression is like falling so deep down the rabbit hole you forget what the sky looks like.
Tears are often the telescope by which men see far into heaven.
The worst kind of pain is when you're smiling just to stop the tears for falling.
No one is depressed when they're being chased by a bear.
Depression is living in a body that fights to survive, with a mind that tries to die.
If you are chronically down, it is a lifelong fight to keep from sinking.
There is no greater sorrow than to recall in misery the time when we were happy.
Having depression is being in an abusive relationship with yourself.
If we admit our depression openly and freely, those around us get from it an experience of freedom rather than the depression itself.
Sometimes It's easier to pretend that you don't care, than to admit it's killing you.
Do not be depressed. Do not let your weakness make you impatient. Instead, let the serenity of your spirit shine through your face. Let the joy of your mind burst forth.
Being depressed is like being grounded except it's your brain ruining your life instead of your mom.
If depression is creeping up and must be faced, learn something about the nature of the beast: You may escape without a mauling.
A new study found that people who are depressed have a greater risk of stroke. Well that should cheer them up.
When women are depressed, they eat or go shopping. Men invade another country. It's a whole different way of thinking.
The walls we build around us to keep sadness out also keeps out the joy.
You need self-confidence and determination: feeling depressed and losing hope will never really help to correct any situation.
It's a bit like walking down a long, dark corridor never knowing when the light will go on.
Depression is feeling like you've lost something but having no clue when or where you last had it. Then one day you realize what you lost is yourself.
I'm tired of trying, sick of crying, I know I've been smiling, but inside I'm dying.
Having depression is like seeing a rainbow in grayscale.
Depression is a prison where you are both the suffering prisoner and the cruel jailer.
You handle depression in much the same way you handle a tiger.
You are allowed to feel messed up and inside out. It doesn't mean you're defective - it just means you're human.
Every man has his secret sorrows which the world knows not; and often times we call a man cold when he is only sad.
Losing your life is not the worst thing that can happen. The worst thing is to lose your reason for living.
Hiding in my room, safe within my womb, I touch no one and no one touches me. I am a rock, I am an island. And a rock feels no pain; And an island never cries.
Before any great achievement, some measure of depression is very usual.
The only thing more exhausting than being depressed is pretending that you're not.
When you feel worried and depressed, consciously form a smile on your face and act upbeat until the happy feeling becomes genuine.
Sometimes it's heavy like you're carrying an elephant. Sometimes it's dark; you wonder if you'll ever see light. Sometimes it's bleak; you wonder if you'll make it through. And some days there are no words to describe it.
Having depression is like being trapped in a really bad thunderstorm. You don't know when it's going to hit, you never know how long it's going to last, and when it finally passes, you're left to survey the damages and pick up the pieces.
Depression is like a bruise that never goes away. A bruise in your mind.
Depression is frustrating. It's knowing there's so much to be grateful for and happy about and to enjoy, but you just can't get there.
Depression is like quicksand â€” the more you try to escape on your own, the deeper you sink. Use the supports, tools and resources thrown at you from those on the outside.
Depression is nourished by a lifetime of ungrieved and unforgiven hurts.
There is nothing more depressing, than having everything, and still feeling sad.
Depression is like drowning. Except you can see everyone else around you breathing.
My unhappiness has become a steady, calm quiet sort of misery. It is always with me and when for a moment something or other stirs me from its immediate ravages (thank God that is still possible) — I wonder at its absence.
I am now so depressed I have not an Idea to put to paper — my hand feels like lead — and yet it is an unpleasant numbness it does not take away the pain of existence.
I am so angry with myself because I cannot do what I should like to do, and at such a moment one feels as if one were lying bound hand and foot at the bottom of a deep dark well, utterly helpless.
The gray drizzle of horror induced by depression takes on the quality of physical pain. But it is not an immediately identifiable pain, like that of a broken limb. It may be more accurate to say that despair, owing to some evil trick played upon the sick brain by the inhabiting psyche, comes to resemble the diabolical discomfort of being imprisoned in a fiercely overheated room. And because no breeze stirs this caldron, because there is no escape from this smothering confinement, it is entirely natural that the victim begins to think ceaselessly of oblivion.
Sometimes one has simply to endure a period of depression for what it may hold of illumination if one can live through it, attentive to what it exposes or demands.
Depression is a disorder of the ‘I,’ failing in your own eyes relative to your goals.
I am now the most miserable man living.
There are different degrees of feeling when you have a Black Dog in your life. At one end of the scale you may feel sad, flat, teary, or blue, and at the other, you are devoid of feeling altogether and life is overwhelmingly difficult.
Everything passes away — suffering, pain, blood, hunger, pestilence. The sword will pass away too, but the stars will still remain when the shadows of our presence and our deeds have vanished from the earth. There is no man who does not know that.
Depression is the flaw in love. To be creatures who love, we must be creatures who can despair at what we lose, and depression is the mechanism of that despair.
My depression had grown on me as that vine had conquered the oak; it had been a sucking thing that had wrapped itself around me, ugly and more alive than I. It had had a life of its own that bit by bit asphyxiated all of my life out of me. At the worst stage of major depression, I had moods that I knew were not my moods: they belonged to the depression, as surely as the leaves on that tree's high branches belonged to the vine.
I knew that the sun was rising and setting, but little of its light reached me. I felt myself sagging under what was much stronger than I; first I could not use my ankles, and then I could not control my knees, and then my waist began to break under the strain, and then my shoulders turned in, and in the end I was compacted and fetal, depleted by this thing that was crushing me without holding me. Its tendrils threatened to pulverize my mind and my courage and my stomach, and crack my bones and desiccate my body. It went on glutting itself on me when there seemed nothing left to feed it.
It wearies me, you say it wearies you; . But how I caught it, found it, or came by it . What stuff 'tis made of, whereof it is born . I am to learn; . And such a want-wit sadness makes of me, . That I have much ado to know myself.
I felt a Funeral, in my Brain, . And Mourners to and fro . Kept treading — treading — till it seemed .
Instead of medication, . I want sunshine . & birdsongs . — the kind of laughter . that begins in my chest . & tumbles . out & across . my frame like waves . lapping at the shore of a beach.
Well, I can usually come our of it when I have the blues, . But now I'm so depressed that I have nothing more to lose.
Of course, despair is not your friend . or your enemy, you mustn't blame him! . He is your persistent creditor, and you? . You are the gambler with your soul as the stakes.
The sickness of desire, that in dark days . Looks on the imagination of despair, . Forgetteth man, and stinteth God his praise; . Nor but in sleep findeth a cure for care.
It gives, to think that our immortal being . No more shall need such garments; and yet man, . As long as he shall be the child of earth, . Might almost 'weep to have' what he may lose, . Nor be himself extinguished, but survive, . Abject, depressed, forlorn, disconsolate.
Oh, though oft depressed and lonely, . All my fears are laid aside, . If I but remember only .
There was no water in my eyes, but my spirits were depressed . And my heart lay like a sodden, soggy doughnut in my breast.
Dispirited became our friend — .
A grief that kept her ever brooding yet . And wholly melancholy and depressed, — . Nor yet could she find sleep by night nor rest .
I sat depressed; till, later, . My Love came; . But something in the chamber . Dimmed our flame, — .
Exasperated, a drunk that sees things doubled, . I stumbled home, slammed the door, terrified, . sick, depressed, mind feverish and troubled, . wounded by mystery, the absurd, outside! . In vain my reason tried to take command, . its efforts useless in the tempest’s roar, . my soul, a mastless barge, danced, and danced, .
But I'm not crazy, I'm just a little unwell . I know right now you can't tell . But stay awhile and maybe then you'll see . A different side of me . I'm not crazy, I'm just a little impaired . I know right now you don't care . But soon enough you're gonna think of me .
I'm holding on . Why is everything so heavy? . Holding on . So much more than I can carry . I keep dragging around what's bringing me down .
I don't like my mind right now . Stacking up problems that are so unnecessary . Wish that I could slow things down .
I never had a place to call my own . I never had a home . Ain't nobody callin' my phone . Where you been? Where you at? What's on your mind? .
There are peaks, there are valleys. But they're all kind of carved and smoothed out, and it feels like a low level of despair you live in. Where you're not getting any answers, but you're living OK. And you can smile at the office. You know? But it's a low level of despair.
I look inside myself and see my heart is black . I see my red door and must have it painted black . maybe then I’ll fade away and not have to face the facts .
I hurt myself today . To see if I still feel . I focus on the pain . The only thing that's real . The needle tears a hole . The old familiar sting . Try to kill it all away .
There's a black crow sitting across from me . His wiry legs are crossed . He's dangling my keys, he even fakes a toss . Whatever could it be .
In my dark times I've still got some problems I know . Driving too fast but just moving to slow . And I've got something I've been trying to let go .
Every night I just want to go out, . Get out of my head . Every day I don't want to get up, .
Hide my head I want to drown my sorrow .
All alone it was always there you see . And even on my own . It was always standing next to me . I can see it coming from the edge of the room . Creeping in the streetlight holding my hand in the pale gloom .
Life can get you down so I just numb the way it feels . I drown it with a drink and out-of-date prescription pills . And all the ones that love me they just left me on the shelf . No farewell .
The worst part of depression is that it dulls every positive feeling but intensifies every negative one. Joy is muted; sorrow is amplified.
Mom, my depression is a shape shifter . One day it is as small as a firefly in the palm of a bear . The next it's the bear .
Nothing is really wrong and everything is really wrong.
I suffer from post-everything depression. Particularly after signing off the Internet.
You know you're depressed when you have daymares.
Do I look depressed? People are yelling 'jump' at me, walking through the mall.
What, then, is depression? It is hysteria of the spirit.
There is something unexplainable in depression [Tungsind]. A person with a sorrow or a worry knows why he sorrows or worries. If a depressed person is asked what the reason is, what it is that weighs [tynge] on him, he will answer: I do not know; I cannot explain it. Therein lies the limitlessness of depression.
[D]epression is something real that one does not delete with the stroke of the pen.
To destroy an undesirable rate of mental vibration, concentrate on the opposite vibration to the one to be suppressed... What is the source of sadness but feebleness of the mind? What gives it power but the want of reason? Rouse yourself to the combat, and it quits the field before you strike.
Depression never brings me what I want; . My virtue will be warped and marred by it. . If there is a remedy when trouble strikes, . What reason is there for despondency? . And if there is no help for it, .
Despair is a mental state which exaggerates not only our misery but also our weakness.
It is despair, and despair alone, that begets heroic hope, absurd hope, mad hope.
Many an attack of depression is nothing but the expression of regret at having to be virtuous.
Men have been depressed now for many years in their male and resplendent selves, depressed into dejection and almost abjection.
Despair is the absolute extreme of self-love. It is reached when a man deliberately turns his back on all help from anyone else in order to taste the rotten luxury of knowing himself to be lost.
Distress tends to make you feel constricted in your personal identity, but if you are thinking of the distress of the whole of humanity, or even just the sadness of people around you in your everyday life, you begin to realize how puny your concern for yourself is.
Hopelessness can arise, I think, only from an inability to face the present, to live in the present, to live as a responsible being among other beings in this sacred world here and now, which is all we have, and all we need to found our hope upon.
Depression can be a signal to reexamine assumptions and change strategies—a slowing down to reorient. If we are to deal effectively with problems, we have to see them realistically. And we have to define our purpose... The best antidepressants are expression and action—engagement in the struggle. That way depression is not an end, but a meaningful beginning.
While I breathe, I hope.
Never despair but if you do, work on in despair.
Darkness is only driven out with light, not more darkness.
Expect to have hope rekindled. Expect your prayers to be answered in wondrous ways. The dry seasons in life do not last. The spring rains will come again.
It is both a blessing and a curse to feel everything so very deeply.
You say you're depressed—all I see is resilience.
What mental health needs is more sunlight, more candor, more unashamed conversation.
I am living in a nightmare, from which from time to time I wake in sleep.
I am in that temper that if I were under water I would scarcely kick to come to the top.
It is sometimes an appropriate response to reality to go insane.
I saw the world from the stars' point of view, and it looked unbearably lonely.
In addition to my other numerous acquaintances, I have one more intimate confidant... My depression is the most faithful mistress I have known—no wonder, then, that I return the love.
Into the darkness they go, the wise and the lovely.
I was so scared to give up depression, fearing that somehow the worst part of me was actually all of me.
One need not be a chamber to be haunted.
You are so brave and quiet, I forget you are suffering.
I became insane with long intervals of horrible sanity.
One of the hardest things was learning that I was worth recovery.
A person is, among all else, a material thing, easily torn and not easily mended.
Mental pain is less dramatic than physical pain, but it is more common and also more hard to bear.
Our Generation has had no Great war, no Great Depression. Our war is spiritual. Our depression is our lives.
It is very hard to explain to people who have never known serious depression or anxiety the sheer continuous intensity of it. There is no off switch.
If you are depressed, you are living in the past. If you are anxious, you are living in the future. If you are at peace you are living in the present.
The sun stopped shining for me is all. The whole story is: I am sad. I am sad all the time and the sadness is so heavy that I can’t get away from it. Not ever.
The pupil dilates in darkness and in the end finds light, just as the soul dilates in misfortune and in the end finds God.
Depression on my left, loneliness on my right. They don’t need to show me their badges. I know these guys very well.
At times, I feel overwhelmed and my depression leads me into darkness.
Depression taught me the importance of compassion and hard work, and that you can overcome enormous obstacles.
Perhaps depression is caused by asking oneself too many unanswerable questions.
It’s so difficult to describe depression to someone who’s never been there, because it’s not sadness. I know sadness. Sadness is to cry and to feel. But it’s that cold absence of feeling—that really hollowed-out feeling.
A depressing and difficult passage has prefaced every page I have turned in life.
The five stages – denial, anger, bargaining, depression, and acceptance – are a part of the framework that makes up our learning to live with the one we lost. They are tools to help us frame and identify what we may be feeling. But they are not stops on some linear timeline in grief.
Concern should drive us into action and not into a depression. No man is free who cannot control himself.
Enthusiasm is followed by disappointment and even depression, and then by renewed enthusiasm.
It’s recession when your neighbor loses his job; it’s a depression when you lose yours.
That terrible mood of depression of whether it’s any good or not is what is known as The Artist’s Reward.
Grief is depression in proportion to circumstance; Depression is grief out of proportion to circumstance.
Pain is always emotional. Fear and depression keep constant company with chronic hurting.
The opposite of play is not work – the opposite of play is depression.
All depression has its roots in self-pity, and all self-pity is rooted in people taking themselves too seriously.
This is my depressed stance. When you’re depressed, it makes a lot of difference how you stand. The worst thing you can do is straighten up and hold your head high because then you’ll start to feel better. If you’re going to get any joy out of being depressed, you’ve got to stand like this.
Noble deeds and hot baths are the best cures for depression.
There is no normal life that is free of pain. It’s the very wrestling with our problems that can be the impetus for our growth.
There will always be suffering. But we must not suffer over the suffering.
Some changes look negative on the surface but you will soon realize that space is being created in your life for something new to emerge.
Only stepping out of the old ruts will bring new insights.
Before you diagnose yourself with depression or low self-esteem, first make sure that you are not, in fact, just surrounded by assholes.
When people don’t know exactly what depression is, they can be judgmental.
When you’re surrounded by all these people, it can be lonelier than when you’re by yourself. You can be in a huge crowd, but if you don’t feel like you can trust anyone or talk to anybody, you feel like you’re really alone.
One swallow does not make a summer, neither does one fine day; similarly one day or brief time of happiness does not make a person entirely happy.
Do not brood over your past mistakes and failures as this will only fill your mind with grief, regret and depression. Do not repeat them in the future.
If you want to conquer the anxiety of life, live in the moment, live in the breath.
Don’t try to solve serious matters in the middle of the night.
Life is ten percent what you experience and ninety percent how you respond to it.
A melancholy-looking man, he had the appearance of one who has searched for the leak in life’s gas-pipe with a lighted candle.
Crying is one of the highest devotional songs. One who knows crying, knows spiritual practice. If you can cry with a pure heart, nothing else compares to such a prayer. Crying includes all the principles of Yoga.
I didn’t want my picture taken because I was going to cry. I didn’t know why I was going to cry, but I knew that if anybody spoke to me or looked at me too closely the tears would fly out of my eyes and the sobs would fly out of my throat and I’d cry for a week. I could feel the tears brimming and sloshing in me like water in a glass that is unsteady and too full.
The optimist proclaims that we live in the best of all possible worlds; and the pessimist fears this is true.
Tonight, once more, life sinks its teeth into my heart.
Nothing can cure the soul but the senses, just as nothing can cure the senses but the soul.
Being sad and being depressed are two different things. Also, people going through depression don’t look so, while someone sad will look sad. The most common reaction is, ‘How can you be depressed? You have everything going for you.
Recovering from the suicide of a loved one, you need all the help you can get, so I very much recommend a meditation program. The whole picture of how to recover from this has to do with body, mind, and spirit. That’s applicable to any kind of depression.
The deepest fear we have, ‘the fear beneath all fears,’ is the fear of not measuring up, the fear of judgment. It’s this fear that creates the stress and depression of everyday life.
There is no point treating a depressed person as though she were just feeling sad, saying, ‘There now, hang on, you’ll get over it.’ Sadness is more or less like a head cold – with patience, it passes. Depression is like cancer.
I’ve got a bad case of the 3:00 am guilts – you know, when you lie in bed awake and replay all those things you didn’t do right? Because, as we all know, nothing solves insomnia like a nice warm glass of regret, depression and self-loathing.
It’s my experience that people are a lot more sympathetic if they can see you hurting, and for the millionth time in my life I wish for measles or smallpox or some other easily understood disease just to make it easier on me and also on them.
I don’t want to see anyone. I lie in the bedroom with the curtains drawn and nothingness washing over me like a sluggish wave. Whatever is happening to me is my own fault. I have done something wrong, something so huge I can’t even see it, something that’s drowning me. I am inadequate and stupid, without worth. I might as well be dead.
A big part of depression is feeling really lonely, even if you’re in a room full of a million people.
Depression, for me, has been a couple of different things – but the first time I felt it, I felt helpless, hopeless, and things I had never felt before. I lost myself and my will to live.
Depression is being colorblind and constantly told how colorful the world is.
Maybe we all have darkness inside of us and some of us are better at dealing with it than others.