When matters are desperate we must put on a desperate face.
Desperate times call for desperate measures.
Mankind at its most desperate is often at its best.
Because I remember, I despair. Because I remember, I have the duty to reject despair.
When a man is in despair, it means that he still believes in something.
The desperate usually succeed because they have nothing to lose.
There is nobody more terrible than the desperate.
If you are curious, you will learn. If you are desperate, you will discover.
Desperation can make a person do surprising things.
A starving man won't notice a dirty plate.
Desperate ills need desperate remedies.
When things are desperate, there is no need to pretend that everything is beautiful.
Desperation is often more powerful than inspiration.
Desperation is like stealing from the Mafia: you stand a good chance of attracting the wrong attention.
Desperate times call for desperate analogies.
When one hits the bottom of the Desperation Barrel, there is always someone down there.
Sometimes that's all life is... One desperate act after another.
There are no desperate situations, there are only desperate people.
Life begins on the other side of despair.
When the situation is desperate, it is too late to be serious. Be playful.
Human beings do not readily admit desperation. When they do, the kingdom of heaven draws near.
Beware of desperate steps; the darkest day, lived till tomorrow, will have passed away.
Desperation is a necessary ingredient to learning anything, or creating anything. Period. If you ain't desperate at some point, you ain't interesting.
Tempt not a desperate man.
But desperation is the mother-in-law of invention.
But a desperate heart will seduce the mind.
Desperation makes men fearless.
Like carnivores to carnal pleasures as are we to desperate measures.
When they face desperation... human beings become animals.
Desperation is sometimes as powerful an inspirer as genius.
Despair makes victims sometimes victors.
A dog in desperation will leap over a wall.
Brilliance is born of Desperation.
The greatest inspiration is often born of desperation
That if desperate times call for desperate measures, then I'm free to act as desperately as I wish.
Feeling lost, crazy and desperate belongs to a good life as much as optimism, certainty and reason.
Who knows where inspiration comes from. Perhaps it arises from desperation. Perhaps it comes from the flukes of the universe, the kindness of the muses.
We all need money, but there are degrees of desperation.
Be still, and the world is bound to turn herself inside out to entertain you. Everywhere you look, joyful noise is clanging to drown out quiet desperation.
Salvation now consists of a deep wrestling in our souls with the sinfulness of our hearts, the depth of our depravity, and the desperation of our need for his grace.
Under miserable conditions of life, any vision of the possibility of better things makes the present misery more intolerable, and spurs those who suffer to the most energetic struggles to improve their lot, and if these struggles only immediately result in sharper misery, the outcome is sheer desperation.
Success is the good fortune that comes from aspiration, desperation, perspiration,and inspiration.
Don't despair, not even over the fact that you don't despair.
Folly and desperation are ofttimes hard to tell apart.
Desperation can toy with you and if you give desperation any wiggle room, it will find alternative answers.
Hope means to keep living amid desperation and to keep humming in the darkness.
Most men lead lives of quiet desperation and go to the grave with the song still in them.
It is a characteristic of wisdom not to do desperate things.
Despair is the price one pays for setting oneself an impossible aim.
The tragedy of it is that nobody sees the look of desperation on my face. Thousands and thousands of us, and we're passing one another without a look of recognition.
Every age yearns for a more beautiful world. The deeper the desperation and the depression about the confusing present, the more intense that yearning.
Despair is the damp of hell, as joy is the serenity of heaven.
But I'm not here just to make records and money. I'm here to say something and to touch other people, sometimes in a cry of desperation.
Even in the inevitable moments when all seems hopeless, men know that without hope they cannot really live, and in agonizing desperation, they cry for the bread of hope.
Finding permanent and universal causes for misfortune is the practice of despair.
Consequences lost all purchase when they became mad. And desperation, when pressed beyond anguish, became narcotic.
Killing yourself is a major commitment, it takes a kind of courage. Most people just lead lives of cowardly desperation. It's kinda half suicide where you just dull yourself with substances.
Despair is not a particularly respectable condition and yet despair and delight alternate like systole and diastole in my heart.
When you're at the end of your rope, tie a knot and hold on.
In life you need either inspiration or desperation.
Desperation is the raw material of drastic change. Only those who can leave behind everything they have ever believed in can hope to escape.
Beware of driving men to desperation. Even a cornered rat is dangerous.