Discrimination has a lot of layers that make it tough for minorities to get a leg up.
Discrimination is a disease.
No change can come if those who are impacted the most by discrimination are not willing to stand up for themselves.
I have a dream that my four little children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the color of their skin but by the content of their character.
If you believe that discrimination exists, it will.
How I wish we lived in a time when laws were not necessary to safeguard us from discrimination.
It is not discrimination to treat different things differently.
Humans are naturally elusioned in discrimination; it starts when we look for the first time in mirror.
Discrimination is discrimination, even when people claim it's 'tradition.
Reducing a group to a slur or stereotype reduces us all.
At the end of the game, the king and the pawn go back in the same box.
Men's skins have many colors, but human blood is always red.
White, black and yellow men - they all cry salt tears.
When you introduce discrimination of any kind, it's anti-innovative.
We should be doing our utmost to ensure that all are protected against discrimination.
I believe in human beings, and that all human beings should be respected as such, regardless of their color.
Love, all alike, no season knows, nor clime, nor hours, days, months, which are the rags of time.
Hating people because of their color is wrong. And it doesn't matter which color does the hating. It's just plain wrong.
And each of us can practice rights ourselves, treating each other without discrimination, respecting each other's dignity and rights.
Our true nationality is mankind.
Achievement has no color.
No one is born hating another person because of the color of his skin, or his background, or his religion. People must learn to hate, and if they can learn to hate, they can be taught to love, for love comes more naturally to the human heart than its opposite.
The color of the skin is in no way connected with strength of the mind or intellectual powers.
When we're unemployed, we're called lazy; when the whites are unemployed it's called a depression.
Be nice to whites, they need you to rediscover their humanity.
The way to stop Discrimination on the basis of race is to stop discriminating on the basis of race.
It is often easier to become outraged by injustice half a world away than by oppression and Discrimination half a block from home.
The law prohibits Discrimination on the basis of race, gender, marital status, political beliefs, disability, or age, and the government effectively enforced these prohibitions.
Discrimination due to age is one of the great tragedies of modern life. The desire to work and be useful is what makes life worth living, and to be told your efforts are not needed because you are the wrong age is a crime.
I believe discrimination still exists in society and we must fight it in every form.
What is required of a working hypothesis is a fine capacity for discrimination.
I have an intensive hatred for discrimination based on colour.
Discrimination still exists. Some people feel that their own beliefs are being threatened. Some are unhappy about unfamiliar cultures. They all need to be reassured that there is so much to be gained by reaching out to others; that diversity is indeed a strength and not a threat.
In the long run, there is not much discrimination against superior talent.
If we were to wake up some morning and find that everyone was the same race, creed and color, we would find some other causes for prejudice by noon.
The failure of women to have reached positions of leadership has been due in large part to social and professional discrimination.
Our global community has come a long way in helping to eliminate discrimination, but we still have far to go.
Sexual, racial, gender violence and other forms of discrimination and violence in a culture cannot be eliminated without changing culture.
...
All human beings bear God's image and must be respected for what each person is. Therefore, no external description of one's being, whether based on race, ethnicity, gender or sexual orientation, can properly be used as the basis for either rejection or discrimination.
Of all treasons against humanity, there is no one worse than his who employs great intellectual force to keep down the intellect of his less favored brothers.
DISCRIMINATE, v.i. To note the particulars in which one person or thing is, if possible, more objectionable than another.
The sage embraces things. Ordinary men discriminate amongst them and parade their discriminations before others. So I say; those who discriminate, fail to see.
When calamity approaches, discrimination departs.
We cannot continue to sweep the problems of segregation and discrimination under the rug.
The ills of discrimination are still with us. We have to continue the tenacity and vigilance of the 1960s. Racial understanding is not something we find; it's something we create.
Like a pet fish unaware of the fishbowl it lives in, each of us inherently discriminates against young people without knowing it.
Discrimination means keeping the negative and unhappy thoughts away and allowing the pretty thoughts to come inside you.
Unfortunately, discrimination is alive and well. After 41 years of addressing it, we get over 80,000 complaints annually and over a million phone calls.
We call upon all communities to be tolerant—to reject prejudice based on cast, creed, sect, religion or gender. To ensure freedom and equality for women so that they can flourish. We cannot all succeed when half of us are held back.
To those who are lesbian, gay, bisexual or transgender, let me say: You are not alone. Your struggle for an end to violence and discrimination is a shared struggle. Any attack on you is an attack on the universal values the United Nations and I have sworn to defend and uphold. Today, I stand with you, and I call upon all countries and people to stand with you, too.
The moment a little boy is concerned with which is a jay and which is a sparrow, he can no longer see the birds or hear them sing.
The only difference between man and man all the world over is one of degree, and not of kind, even as there is between trees of the same species.
Equality is not the empirical claim that all groups of humans are interchangeable; it is the moral principle that individuals should not be judged or constrained by the average properties of their group.
The one thing that the racist can never manage is anything like discrimination: he is indiscriminate by definition.
If we are to fight discrimination and injustice against women we must start from the home for if a woman cannot be safe in her own house then she cannot be expected to feel safe anywhere.
The way we imagine discrimination or disempowerment often is more complicated for people who are subjected to multiple forms of exclusion. The good news is that intersectionality provides us a way to see it.
Discrimination must always be drawn out, like venom from the wound.
There are still traces of discrimination against race and gender, but it's a lot different than when I started out. It just comes quietly, slowly, sometimes so quietly that you don't realize it until you start looking back.
White people, White men, need to be more outraged with the injustices of racism and discrimination than we are when someone is telling us that they don't like something that we are doing.
Sometimes, I feel discriminated against, but it does not make me angry. It merely astonishes me. How can any deny themselves the pleasure of my company? It's beyond me.
Can we see in each other a common humanity, a shared dignity, and recognize how our different experiences have shaped us?
Differences are not intended to separate, to alienate. We are different precisely in order to realize our need of one another.
What we need now more than ever is a human rights movement that challenges systemic racism in every single context.
Weakness is what brings ignorance, cheapness, racism, homophobia, cruelty, brutality, all these things that will keep a society chained to the ground, one foot nailed to the floor.
We'll have our rights; See if we don't; And you can't stop us from them; See if you can.
Discrimination is a hellhound that gnaws at Negroes in every waking moment of their lives to remind them that the lie of their inferiority is accepted as truth in the society dominating them.
There is no place for discrimination in the United States of America. And if there's anybody in the communities around this country that are being hurt by it, we have got to come together and do everything we can to see that it doesn't go on.
Racial discrimination and racism are an insult to God.
Why is it that men can be bastards and women must wear pearls and smile?
White people now tan to get darker; and black people wear their hair like white people. We are all confused. Deep down we admire each other, but we don't accept it. The silly thing is that color of one's skin is simply evolution's answer for dealing with different rates of exposure to the sun.
I always looked upon the acts of racist exclusion, or insult, as pitiable, for the other person. I never absorbed that. I always thought that there was something deficient about such people.
As I often say, we have come a long way from the days of slavery, but in 2014, discrimination and inequality still saturate our society in modern ways. Though racism may be less blatant now in many cases, its existence is undeniable.
Last time I was down South I walked into this restaurant, and this white waitress came up to me and said: 'We don't serve colored people here.' I said: 'that's all right, I don't eat colored people. Bring me a whole fried chicken.
Latinos come from different countries, and they tend to segregate with only their country instead of embracing all other countries, because in reality, all the Latinos are going through the same experiences of discrimination and racism.
It is not our differences that divide us. It is our inability to recognize, accept, and celebrate those differences.
Yeah, I love being famous.
Until the killing of black men, black mothers' sons, becomes as important as the killing of white men, white mothers' sons, we who believe in freedom cannot rest.
I was thinking about all the honors that are showered on me in the theater, how everyone wishes to shake my hand or get an autograph, a real hero you'd naturally think. However, when I reach a hotel, I am refused permission to ride on the passenger elevator, I cannot enter the dining room for my meals, and am Jim Crowed generally... I know this to be an unbelievable custom.
Discrimination and intolerance will eat you up and destroy whatever creativity was in you if you let it.
This is the essence of discrimination: formulating opinions about others not based on their individual merits, but rather on their membership in a group with assumed characteristics.
We should not be held back from pursuing our full talents, from contributing what we could contribute to the society, because we fit into a certain mold- because we belong to a group that historically has been the object of discrimination.
One life lost is one life too many. That is why human rights experts around the world have recognized that gender-based violence is a form of discrimination.
The conviction that all men are equal by reason of their natural dignity has been generally accepted. Hence racial discrimination can no longer be justified.