In every marriage more than a week old there are grounds for divorce. The trick is to find and continue to find grounds for marriage.
A divorce is like an amputation: You survive it, but there's less of you.
I've gone through a really hard divorce, and anyone who has gone through a divorce will speak about how hard the journey is from start to finish. It's a life-uprooting time.
When two people decide to get a divorce, it isn't a sign that they don't understand one another, but a sign that they have, at last, begun to.
People do not get married planning to divorce. Divorce is the result of a lack of preparation for marriage and the failure to learn the skills of working together as teammates in an intimate relationship.
There would be fewer divorces if men gave as much loving attention to their wives as they do their cars and jobs.
Divorce is a fire exit. When a house is burning, it doesn't matter who set the fire.
Being divorced is like being hit by a Mack truck. If you live through it, you start looking very carefully to the right and to the left.
Every divorce is the result of selfishness on the part of one or the other or both parties to a marriage contract. Someone is thinking of self comforts, conveniences, freedoms, luxuries, or ease. Sometimes the ceaseless pin pricking of an unhappy, discontented, and selfish spouse can finally add up to serious physical violence. Sometimes people are goaded to the point where they erringly feel justified in doing the things that are so wrong. Nothing of course justifies sin.
Getting divorced just because you don't love a man is almost as silly as getting married just because you do.
The remedy for most marital stress is not in divorce. It is in repentance and forgiveness, in sincere expressions of charity and service. It is not in separation. It is in simple integrity that leads a man and a woman to square up their shoulders and meet their obligations. It is found in the Golden Rule, a time-honored principle that should first and foremost find expression in marriage.
Divorce is a failed challenge, which leads to a broken life. It is a socially transmittable disease that can transfer from one generation to another, and it is spreading fast.
People get divorced for one reason and one reason only: One or both of them get selfish.
Each divorce is the death of a small civilization.
To get divorced because love has died, is like selling your car because it's run out of gas.
Divorce is like an amputation. Sometimes it's necessary but it should be avoided if at all possible because it brings about a permanent disability.
It takes two to destroy a marriage.
Divorce is one of the most financially traumatic things you can go through. Money spent on getting mad or getting even is money wasted.
Divorce is a declaration of independence with only two signers.
For some reason, we see divorce as a signal of failure, despite the fact that each of us has a right, and an obligation, to rectify any other mistake we make in life.
Divorce should be the last possible option, rather than something we should be smoothing the passage to.
Divorce is the one human tragedy that reduces everything to cash.
Divorce looks like one of the fastest ways to destroy your wealth.
Divorce is the psychological equivalent of a triple coronary bypass.
Love is grand; divorce is a hundred grand.
Divorce is a game played by lawyers.
If you have been divorced, you know it hurts - especially if your marriage had lasted many years. Whatever the circumstances of your relationship, and whatever the nature of its ending, there is always grief and regret - perhaps regret over the ending, or perhaps regret over not ending the relationship sooner - or perhaps both. Nonetheless, move past the grief and regret. No matter how painful, divorce, like all endings, opens the door to new beginnings.
When people divorce, it's always such a tragedy. At the same time, if people stay together it can be even worse.
Divorce is the sacrament of adultery.
Divorce is one of the most stressful life events anyone goes through.
Divorce is an embarrassing public admission of defeat.
Divorce is like cutting off a gangrened arm to save the rest of the body.
Divorce is like death without a burial.
Divorce is probably as painful as death.
Divorce is the key that opens the strongbox where the bonds of matrimony are kept under wedlock.
So many persons think divorce a panacea for every ill, who find out, when they try it, that the remedy is worse than the disease.
Going through a divorce is like having every aspect of your life played back. Anything you have mishandled or regretted is talked about by everyone as they try to figure out who was right and who the innocent party really is. The comfort you once experienced is gone completely. There are many choices for new comfort, but most of them have no value except introducing new addictions or pounds of fat or guilt.
Divorce isn't the child's fault. Don't say anything unkind about your ex to the child, because you're really just hurting the child.
Marriages come and go, but divorces are forever.
Divorce is the price people play for playing with matches.
Divorce can sometimes be for the better. You may end up with happier parents, and you will definitely learn a lot about yourself! And that's the whole point of growing up. So if you think about it, there are reasons to be happy about this experience, if you can learn and grow from it.
People that go through what I went through and people going through divorce, it's really a difficulty process; it's heartbreaking and it hurts really bad. It can really mess with your head.
Divorce: a resumption of diplomatic relations and rectification of boundaries.
Losing a mate to death is devastating but it's not a personal attack like divorce. When somebody you love stops loving you and walks away, it's an insult beyond comparison.
I don't see divorce as a failure. I see it as the end to a story. In a story, everything has an end and a beginning.
I used to think that divorce meant failure, but now I see it more as a step along the path of self-realization and growth
Divorce = Rebirth: forget the past, replan your life, improve your appearance & REJUVENATE!
Divorce in a young-adult novel means what being orphaned meant in a fairy tale: vulnerability, danger, unwanted independence.
Divorce is open-heart surgery, emotionally. Some people are not willing to give it enough time, and their expectations for recovery are too fast. When you get up and go faster than you're supposed to and you push your healing cycle too quickly, you have to do it over again and you get a relapse.