The function of education is to teach one to think intensively and to think critically. Intelligence plus character - that is the goal of true education.
The roots of education are bitter, but the fruit is sweet.
Education is the key to unlock the golden door of freedom.
Education is not preparation for life; education is life itself.
Education is the movement from darkness to light.
The whole purpose of education is to turn mirrors into windows.
Education is the best friend. An educated person is respected everywhere. Education beats the beauty and the youth.
The purpose of education is to replace an empty mind with an open one.
The goal of education is the advancement of knowledge and the dissemination of truth.
Education is an admirable thing, but it is well to remember from time to time that nothing that is worth knowing can be taught.
The direction in which education starts a man will determine his future in life.
Education is learning what you didn't even know you didn't know.
Education is not the filling of a pail, but the lighting of a fire.
Education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper or your self-confidence.
Education is our passport to the future, for tomorrow belongs to the people who prepare for it today.
Without education, we are in a horrible and deadly danger of taking educated people seriously.
Education is the kindling of a flame, not the filling of a vessel.
Formal education will make you a living; self-education will make you a fortune.
No man who worships education has got the best out of education.... Without a gentle contempt for education no man's education is complete.
The aim of education should be to teach us rather how to think, than what to think rather to improve our minds, so as to enable us to think for ourselves, than to load the memory with thoughts of other men.
Education is what remains after one has forgotten what one has learned in school.
Education is a better safeguard of liberty than a standing army.
The object of education is to prepare the young to educate themselves throughout their lives.
He who opens a school door, closes a prison.
Education is a progressive discovery of our own ignorance.
Education is an ornament in prosperity and a refuge in adversity.
Education is simply the soul of a society as it passes from one generation to another.
Education: the inculcation of the incomprehensible into the indifferent by the incompetent.
Education is the process of driving a set of prejudices down your throats.