Forgive your enemies, but never forget their names.
The best way to destroy an enemy is to make him a friend.
If you want to make peace with your enemy, you have to work with your enemy. Then he becomes your partner.
Always forgive your enemies - nothing annoys them so much.
Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake.
If you want to make enemies, try to change something.
The best weapon against an enemy is another enemy.
If you are far from the enemy, make him believe you are near.
Observe your enemies, for they first find out your faults.
Enemies are so stimulating.
Enemies promises were made to be broken.
One enemy can do more hurt than ten friends can do good.
Our enemies come nearer the truth in the opinions they form of us than we do in our opinion of ourselves.
Keep your friends close, and your enemies closer.
It's hard to fight an enemy who has outposts in your head.
Love your enemies; for they shall tell you all your faults.
You can discover what your enemy fears most by observing the means he uses to frighten you.
The enemy is anybody who's going to get you killed, no matter which side he's on.
We often give our enemies the means for our own destruction.
It is easier to forgive an enemy than to forgive a friend.
Let your enemies be disarmed by the gentleness of your manner, but at the same time let them feel, the steadiness of your resentment.
Bear patiently with a rival.
I bring out the worst in my enemies and that's how I get them to defeat themselves.
I destroy my enemies when I make them my friends.
Forgive your enemies, but first get even.
If you don't have enemies, you don't have character.
Enemies, as well as lovers, come to resemble each other over a period of time.
As our enemies have found we can reason like men, so now let us show them we can fight like men also.
Our enemies are our outward consciences.
An enemy despised is the most dangerous of all enemies.
It is from our enemies that we often gain excellent maxims, and are frequently surprised into reason by their mistakes.
Enemies' gifts are no gifts and do no good.
Our enemies will tell the rest with pleasure.
The enemy of my enemy is my friend.
We can learn even from our enemies.
An enemy generally says and believes what he wishes.
Know your enemy and know yourself and you can fight a hundred battles without disaster.
When the enemy attacks you, it means you are on the right road.
Despise the enemy strategically, but take him seriously tactically.
We need a common enemy to unite us.
Give the enemy not only a road for flight, but also a means of defending it.
A distant enemy is always preferable to one at the gate.
If you had no enemies, you had no fun.
Every educated person is a future enemy.
It is the enemy who can truly teach us to practice the virtues of compassion and tolerance.
Everyone needs a warm personal enemy or two to keep him free from rust in the movable parts of his mind.
Give the enemy an inch, he'll take a yard.
Flee an enemy who knows your weakness.
One of the most time-consuming things is to have an enemy.
The man of knowledge must be able not only to love his enemies but also to hate his friends.
The Bible tells us to love our neighbors, and also to love our enemies; probably because generally they are the same people.
Whenever you are confronted with an opponent. Conquer him with love.
Alcohol may be man's worst enemy, but the bible says love your enemy.
A wise man gets more use from his enemies than a fool from his friends.
Never explain―your friends do not need it and your enemies will not believe you anyway.
There is nothing more admirable than when two people who see eye to eye keep house as man and wife, confounding their enemies and delighting their friends.
If you have enemies, good that means you stood up for something.
Those who pray for your downfall are concentrating negative thoughts towards you, without taking cognisance of the slippery ground in which they are standing, which could lead to their downfall.
A doubtful friend is worse than a certain enemy. Let a man be one thing or the other, and we then know how to meet him.
No man ever got very high by pulling other people down. The intelligent merchant does not knock his competitors. The sensible worker does not work those who work with him. Don't knock your friends. Don't knock your enemies. Don't knock yourself.
Bitter people are not interested in what you say, but what you hide.
Tis best to weigh the enemy more mighty than he seems.
The haft of the arrow had been feathered with one of the eagles own plumes. We often give our enemies the means of our own destruction.
When a sinister person means to be your enemy, they always start by trying to become your friend.
Through you we learn to be invisible, through you inaudible; and hence we can hold the enemy's fate in our hands.
If people think nature is their friend then they sure don't need an enemy.
People from the past, have a tendency to walk back into the present, and run over the future.
If we could read the secret history of our enemies we should find in each man’s life sorrow and suffering enough to disarm all hostility.
Remember that nobody will ever get ahead of you as long as he is kicking you in the seat of the pants.
Concentrated power has always been the enemy of liberty.
It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to stand up to our friends.
To love our enemy is impossible. The moment we understand our enemy, we feel compassion towards him.her, and he.she is no longer our enemy.
When there is no enemy within, the enemies outside cannot hurt you.
Never hate your enemies. It affects your judgment.
Only enemies speak the truth; friends and lovers lie endlessly, caught in the web of duty.
It's not enough to hate your enemy. You have to understand how the two of you bring each other to deep completion.
For the enemy to be recognized and feared, he has to be in your home or on your doorstep.
The truth may not set you free, but used carefully, it can confuse the hell out of your enemies.
Scratch a lover, and find a foe.
If you are without an enemy in the world, you may be a lamb or an ass, but you are not a man.
Your enemy is never a villain in his own eyes. Keep this in mind, it may offer a way to make him your friend. If not, you can kill him without hate.
You can calculate the worth of a man by the number of his enemies, and the importance of a work of art by the harm that is spoken of it.
I have spent many years of my life in opposition, and I rather like the role.
Let my enemies devour each other.
We learn our virtues from our friends who love us; our faults from the enemy who hates us. We cannot easily discover our real character from a friend. He is a mirror, on which the warmth of our breath impedes the clearness of the reflection.
Pay attention to your enemies, for they are the first to discover your mistakes.
Never wound a snake; kill it.
Once is happenstance. Twice is coincidence. Three times is enemy action.
You must not fight too often with one enemy, or you will teach him all your art of war.
If you want peace, you don't talk to your friends. You talk to your enemies.
The chief enemy of creativity is 'good' sense.
A man can't be too careful in the choice of his enemies.
Time is my greatest enemy.
Love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy into friend.
The enemies of the future are always the very nicest people.
Faith activates God - Fear activates the Enemy.
No accurate thinker will judge another person by that which the other person's enemies say about him.
Sooner or later we all must die. Warriors choose to do so on their feet, standing between their enemies and those they hold dear. With a weapon in their hands. Cowards choose to do so on their bellies. Unarmed.
Anger is the enemy of non-violence and pride is a monster that swallows it up.
Friends come and go but enemies accumulate.
Memory is man's greatest friend and worst enemy.
That is the thankless position of the father in the family-the provider for all, and the enemy of all.
We make our friends; we make our enemies; but God makes our next door neighbor.
However bad a man, he will have some friends: however good, he will have some enemies.
Always presume that the enemy has dangerous designs and always be forehanded with the remedy. But do not let these calculations make your timid.
To be wronged is nothing unless you continue to remember it.
If you want enemies, excel others; if you want friends, let others excel you.
It is a pitiful fortune that is not without enemies.
Man usually avoids attributing cleverness to somebody else unless it is an enemy.