Before you were born I carried you under my heart. From the moment you arrived in this world until the moment I leave it, I will always carry you in my heart.
A new baby is like the beginning of all things—wonder, hope, a dream of possibilities.
A mother's joy begins when new life is stirring inside...when a tiny heartbeat is heard for the very first time, and a playful kick reminds her that she is never alone.
Life is tough enough without having someone kick you from the inside.
Now my belly is as noble as my heart.
I begin to love this creature, and to anticipate her birth as a fresh twist to a knot, which I do not wish to untie
A baby is an inestimable blessing.
Feeling fat lasts nine months but the joy of becoming a mom lasts forever.
You never understand life until it grows inside of you.
Babies are always more trouble than you thought - and more wonderful.
It was the tiniest thing I ever decided to put my whole life into.
There is such a special sweetness in being able to participate in creation.
Happiness is on the way.
Baby in the tummy, it's all up to mommy. But once the baby's had, it's bragging rights for Dad.
Honey is sweet. A little baby is even sweeter.
You are the closest I will ever come to magic.
A grand adventure is about to begin.
For now in mommy's tummy...Forever in her heart...
A baby is God’s opinion that life should go on.
A baby is something you carry inside you for nine months, in your arms for three years and in your heart till the day you die.
A baby will make love stronger, days shorter, nights longer, bankroll smaller, home happier, clothes shabbier, the past forgotten, and the future worth living for.
A mother is always the beginning. She is how things begin.
A woman has two smiles that an angel might envy, the smile that accepts a lover before words are uttered, and the smile that lights on the first born baby, and assures it of a mother’s love.
Absolutely. It is the most powerful creation for you to be able have life growing inside of you. There is no bigger gift, nothing more empowering.
All the time we wondered and wondered, who is this person coming, growing, turning, floating, and swimming deep, deep inside.
An angel in the book of life wrote down my baby’s birth. Then whispered as she closed the book, “too beautiful for earth”.
Babies are bits of star-dust blown from the hand of God. Lucky is the woman who knows the pangs of birth for she has held a star.
Before you were conceived I wanted you. Before you were born I loved you. Before you were here an hour I would die for you. This is the miracle of Mother’s Love.
Birth is not only about making babies. Birth is about making mothers… strong, competent, capable mothers who trust themselves and know their inner strength.
Birth takes a woman’s deepest fears about herself and shows her that she is stronger than them.
Birthing is the most profound initiation to spirituality a woman can have.
Even when freshly washed and relieved of all obvious confections, children tend to be sticky.
Every child born into the world is a new thought of God, an ever-fresh and radiant possibility.
Everything grows rounder and wider and weirder, and I sit here in the middle of it all and wonder who in the world you will turn out to be.
Getting a burp out of your little thing is probably the greatest satisfaction I've come across. It's truly one of life's most satisfying moments.
Giving birth and being born brings us into the essence of creation, where the human spirit is courageous and bold and the body, a miracle of wisdom.
Having a baby changes the way you view your in-laws. I love it when they come to visit now. They can hold the baby and I can go out.
Having a baby is a life-changer. It gives you a whole other perspective on why you wake up every day.
Having kids—the responsibility of rearing good, kind, ethical, responsible human beings—is the biggest job anyone can embark on.
I am going to send an angel in front of you, to guard you on the way and to bring you to the place that you have prepared.
I believe the choice to become a mother is the choice to become one of the greatest spiritual teachers there is.
I loved you from the very start, you stole my breath, embraced my heart. Our life together has just begun, you’re part of me, my little one.
If I had my life to live over, instead of wishing away nine months of pregnancy, I’d have cherished every moment and realized that the wonderment growing inside me was the only chance in life to assist God in a miracle.
In giving birth to our babies, we may find that we give birth to new possibilities within ourselves.
Life is always a rich and steady time when you are waiting for something to happen or to hatch.
Loving a baby is a circular business, a kind of feedback loop. The more you give the more you get and the more you get the more you feel like giving.
Motherhood is the biggest gamble in the world. It is the glorious life force. It’s huge and scary—it’s an act of infinite optimism.
No influence is so powerful as that of the mother.
One definition of insanity: doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results.
Pregnancy is a kind of miracle. Especially so in that, it proves that a man and woman can conspire to force God to create a new soul.
Sometimes the smallest things take up the most room in your heart.
The moment a child is born, the mother is also born. She never existed before. The woman existed, but the mother, never. A mother is something absolutely new.
The natural state of motherhood is unselfishness. When you become a mother, you are no longer the center of your own universe. You relinquish that position to your children.
The pain you have been feeling can’t compare to the joy that's coming.
To be pregnant is to be vitally alive, thoroughly woman, and distressingly inhabited. Soul and spirit are stretched – along with body – making pregnancy a time of transition, growth, and profound beginnings.
We have a secret in our culture, and it’s not that birth is painful. It’s that women are strong.
Whether your pregnancy was meticulously planned, medically coaxed, or happened by surprise, one thing is certain – your life will never be the same.
With every newborn baby, a little sun rises.