We fear our enemy but the bigger and real fear is that of a fake friend who is sweetest to your face and most vile behind your back.
Fake friends are like shadows: always near you at your brightest moments, but nowhere to be seen at your darkest hour True friends are like stars, you don't always see them but they are always there.
Someone who smiles too much with you can sometime frown too much with you at your back.
I despise the rituals of fake friendship. I wish we could just claw each other's eyes out and call it a day; instead we put on huge radiant smiles and spout compliments until our teeth hurt from the saccharine sweetness of it all.
Be very careful of who you share your problem with, remember that not every friend that smile at you is your best friend.
It is hard to deal with someone who smiles and pretends to like you to your face and sticks that eight inch blade in your back when you turn around.
A false friend and a shadow attend only while the sun shines.
An honest enemy is better than a false friend. When in doubt, pay more attention to what people do and less to what they say. Actions not only speak louder than words, they are more difficult to fake.
Time alone can prove the worth of friendship. As time goes by we lose the the false ones and keep the best. True friends stay when all the rest are gone.
An insincere and evil friend is more to be feared than a wild beast; a wild beast may wound your body, but an evil friend will wound your mind.
False friendship, like the ivy, decays and ruins the walls it embraces; but true friendship gives new life and animation to the object it supports.
A friend who stands with you in pressure is more valuable than a hundred ones who stand with you in pleasure.
Most people want to see you to do better, but not doing better than them.
An honest enemy is better than a best friend who lies.
Always sleep with one eye open. Never take anything for granted. Your best friends might just be your enemies.
Pretend to be poor in reality and you'll notice a decrease in your friends list and request.
Fake friends are like autumn leaves, they're scattered everywhere.
You always knew after sh— things happened, who your friends really were.
Better an honest enemy than a false friend.
Watch who you call friend, because friends are the same ones that will leak your business to everyone after y'all not friends anymore.
I've got more respect for someone who comes out and says they don't like me than for the ones who act like they do but talk bad about me when I'm not around.
You got nothing to lose. You don't lose when you lose fake friends.
Keep talking about me behind my back, and watch God keep blessing me in front of your face.
Every coin has two sides, just like most people have two faces.
I used to think enemies were the worst people in the world, but that was until I met fake friends and realized that they're a lot worse.
The same person that speaks highly of you will be the same person that downs you. Be careful who you call friends.
Better to have an enemy who slaps you in the face than a friend who stabs you in the back.
An enemy, who is honest and shows his.her hate openly is better than a friend who is liar and putting you down secretly.
A false friend, a friendly fraud: both are like thieves.
A false friend is like the shadow of a sundial.
Friends are like melons. Shall I tell you why? To find a good one, you must a hundred try.
To betray you must first belong. I never belonged.
If I had to choose between betraying my country and betraying my friend, I hope I should have the guts to betray my country.
Brother, even by our mother’s dust, I charge you, do not betray me to your mirth or hate.
In one respect indeed, our employment may be reckoned dishonest, because, like great Statesmen, we encourage those who betray their friends.
Is it possible to succeed without any act of betrayal?
A friend is someone who gives you total freedom to be yourself.
A friend to all is a friend to none.
A friendship founded on business is good deal better than a business founded on friendship.
A lot of problems in the world would disappear if we talk to each other instead of about each other.
A person's character is shown through their actions in life NOT where they sit on Sunday.
A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out.
A true friend is one who overlooks your failures and tolerates your success!
A true friend never gets in your way unless you happen to be going down.
Be yourself. An original is worth more than a copy.
Betray a friend and you’ll often find you have ruined yourself.
Don’t fear the enemy that attacks you, but the fake friend that hugs you.
Fake friends are like shadows: they follow you in the sun, but leave your side when in gets dark.
Fear of something is at the root of hate for others, and hate within will eventually destroy the hater.
Friends are born, not made.
Friendship is also about liking a person for their failings, their weakness. It’s also about mutual help, not about exploitation.
Friendship is delicate as a glass, once broken it can be fixed but there will always be cracks.
I hate two faced people, it makes it harder for me to decide which side to slap first.
If it comes, let it come. If it goes, it’s ok, let it go. Let things come and go. Stay calm, don’t let anything disturb your peace, and carry on.
In fact a lot of problems in this world would disappear if we talk to each other instead of about each other.
In life, you have a choice: Bitter or Better? Choose better, forget bitter.
It is easier to forgive an enemy than to forgive a friend.
It is more shameful to distrust our friends than to be deceived by them.
It is only the great hearted who can be true friends. The mean and cowardly, can never know what true friendship means.
It’s hard to tell who has your back, from who has it long enough just to stab you in it…
Knowledge planted in truth grows in truth. Strength born of peace loses nothing to hate.
Learn to use the criticism as fuel and you will never run out of energy.
Letting go of toxic people in your life is a big step in loving yourself.
Lots of people want to ride with you in the limo, but what you want is someone who will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down.
Lovers have a right to betray you, friends don’t.
Many people would be scared if they saw in the mirror, not their faces..but their character.
My fake plants died because I did not pretend to water them.
Never contract friendship with a man that is not better than thyself.
No person is your friend who demands your silence, or denies your right to grow.
Once they stop talking to you, they start talking about you.
Share your weaknesses. Share your hard moments. Share your real side. It’ll either scare away every fake person in your life or it will inspire them to finally let go of that mirage called 'perfection,' which will open the doors to the most important relationships you’ll ever be a part of.
Some people are going to leave, but that’s not the end your story. That’s the end of their part in your story.
Some people think that the truth can be hidden with a little cover-up and decoration. But as time goes by, what is true is revealed, and what is fake fades away.
Sometimes, you have to give up on people. Not because you don’t care but because they don’t.
Stab the body and it heals, but injure the heart and the wound lasts a lifetime.
The friendship that can cease has never been real.
The jealous are troublesome to others, but a torment to themselves.
The strong-minded rise to the challenge of their goals and dreams. The weak-minded become haters.
The worst part about success is trying to find someone who is happy for you.
There is nothing I would not do for those who are really my friends. I have no notion of loving people by halves, it is not my nature.
This is what happens. You tell your friends your most personal secrets, and they use them against you.
To me, the thing that is worse than death is betrayal. You see, I could conceive death, but I could not conceive betrayal.
True friendship can afford true knowledge. It does not depend on darkness and ignorance.
What’s the whole point of being pretty on the outside when you’re so ugly on the inside?
You cannot always trust what you see. Even salt looks like sugar.
You don’t lose friends because real friends can never be lost. You lose people masquerading as friends, and you’re better for it.