Write your sad times in sand, write your good times in stone.
I can be changed by what happens to me. But I refuse to be reduced by it.
Breathing is hard. When you cry so much, it makes you realize that breathing is hard.
Even when you are feeling down, you have to live your life positively, that way, happy days and happy feelings will come to you some day.
As the light begins to intensify, so does my misery, and I wonder how it is possible to hurt so much when nothing is wrong.
Most of my life I've had long periods of feeling down and lost. That's why every five years or so I've smashed my life to pieces and started again.
The reason it hurts so much to separate is because our souls are connected.
I guess that's what saying good-bye is always like — like jumping off an edge. The worst part is making the choice to do it. Once you're in the air, there's nothing you can do but let go.
The rose and the thorn, and sorrow and gladness are linked together.
She had tricked him. She had made him leave his old self behind and come into her world, and then before he was really at home in it but too late to go back, she had left him stranded there — like an astronaut wandering about on the moon. Alone.
Whenever you're feeling down..And I am not around let the sight of me be the reason you smile.
Whenever you leave behind failure that means you're doing better. If you think everything you've done has been great, you're probably dumb.
I seldom think about my limitations, and they never make me sad. Perhaps there is just a touch of yearning at times; but it is vague, like a breeze among flowers.
It feels like every other part of my body is broken too.
You not supposed to feel down over whatever happen to you. I mean, you're supposed to use whatever happen to you as some type of upper, not a downer.
When you are feeling down, look at the skies. You are not always alone.
Ever has it been that love knows not its own depth until the hour of separation.
When someone you love dies, you don't lose them all at once. You lose them in pieces over time.
If you fell down yesterday, stand up today.
This is what it felt like to have a broken heart. It felt less like a cracking down the middle and more like she had swallowed it whole and it sat bruised and bleeding in the pit of her stomach.
I just got tired of being sick and tired and feeling down. Unfortunately, you don't realize this until you're getting sober but the reason why you're depressed all the time is it's the drugs that are depressing you.
I try to make myself do things for other people when I'm feeling down. Like, you can call your local hospital and help out in the pediatric unit.
When you're feeling down, sad, lonely, negative, you don't want to take care of yourself - and the weight problem and the diabetic problem and the heart attack and stroke problems and high cholesterol set in.
You were merely wishing for the end of pain, the monster said. Your own pain. An end to how it isolated you. It is the most human wish of all.
I think I'm afraid to be happy because whenever I get too happy, something bad always happens.
Regrets are the tears of choices not made, and of good deeds left undone.
Pick yourself up when you're feeling down. No one else is likely to.
It's raining in my heart like it's raining in the city.
Don't mind me. I'll just sit here, crying over yesterday.
If you're going through hell, keep going.
Alas for those that never sing, But die with all their music in them!
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do.
A big part of letting go is recognizing when it is time to stay in a situation and when it is time to move on.
You can go to the doctor a million times if you're feeling down, and get nowhere, but if you go for a run it makes you feel really good.
You're only given a little spark of madness. You mustn't lose it.
Be selective with your battles. Sometimes peace is better than being right.
Each day you only have a limited amount of time and energy. Don’t waste it stressing about things you cannot control.
Your thoughts are a steering wheel. Watch where you aim them.
You have it within you to rise above whatever is bringing you down.
It’s okay not to be okay – as long as you are not giving up.
Things change. And friends leave. Life doesn't stop for anybody.
You cannot protect yourself from sadness without protecting yourself from happiness.
Tears come from the heart and not from the brain.
To have felt too much is to end in feeling nothing.
It's sad when someone you know becomes someone you knew.
It will never rain roses: when we want to have more roses, we must plant more roses.
Life's under no obligation to give us what we expect.
Sometimes you've got to be able to listen to yourself and be okay with no one else understanding.
One thing you can't hide — is when you're crippled inside.
Heavy hearts, like heavy clouds in the sky, are best relieved by the letting of a little water.
Death is not the greatest loss in life. The greatest loss is what dies inside us while we live.
Mostly it is loss which teaches us about the worth of things.
I didn't want to wake up. I was having a much better time asleep. And that's really sad. It was almost like a reverse nightmare, like when you wake up from a nightmare you're so relieved. I woke up into a nightmare.
Why do people have to be this lonely? What's the point of it all? Millions of people in this world, all of them yearning, looking to others to satisfy them, yet isolating themselves.
Any fool can be happy. It takes a man with real heart to make beauty out of the stuff that makes us weep.
They say when you are missing someone that they are probably feeling the same, but I don't think it's possible for you to miss me as much as I'm missing you right now
Imagine smiling after a slap in the face. Then think of doing it twenty-four hours a day.
Tears shed for another person are not a sign of weakness. They are a sign of a pure heart.
Tonight I can write the saddest lines
The longer and more carefully we look at a funny story, the sadder it becomes.
Tears are words that need to be written.
There are two types of people in the world: those who prefer to be sad among others, and those who prefer to be sad alone.
Don't be ashamed to weep; 'tis right to grieve. Tears are only water, and flowers, trees, and fruit cannot grow without water. But there must be sunlight also. A wounded heart will heal in time, and when it does, the memory and love of our lost ones is sealed inside to comfort us.
In time, every sad ending will become happy. The sad ending is only because the author stops telling the story. But it still goes on. It's just untold.
It's a sad, sad song that I'm singing, . It's a sad, sad tale that I tell, . About a love that a poor girl is bringing, . To a man who is destined for Hell.
I would rather have a fool to make me merry than experience to make me sad.
Well, when I'm sad, I like to read a really sad story because then I don't feel so sad myself.
So it’s true, when all is said and done, grief is the price we pay for love.
I woke up this morning . Feeling lonely .
What is this feeling? . Empty inside my head .
I miss you so bad . A thought of you makes me sad .
What a sick, sick feeling . To let you go, my dear . Cause I was not prepared to .
I miss the way you sound . I miss to be around you .
I'm the loneliest I've ever been tonight . I'm the loneliest I've ever been tonight . I'm inspired by your proposition, but I don't trust my intuition .
I pray you, Sadness, leave me soon . In sweet invention thou art poor! . Thy sister, Joy can make ten songs . While thou art making four.
Therefore sweet Sadness, leave me soon . Let thy bright sister, Joy, come more . For she can make ten lovely songs . While thou art making four.
What are you buying and selling . Oh dear daughter of sadness . with open breasts . `Sir, I am a hawker of . sea water.
From where comes . so much of tears . `Sir, my last resort is . to cry for sea.
Holy Ghost! dispel our sadness . Pierce the clouds of nature's night . Come, Thou source of joy and gladness . Breathe Thy life, and spread Thy light.
IT is not, Dear, because I am alone . For I am lonelier when the rest are near . But that my place against your heart has grown . Too dear to dream of when you are not here.
I weep because my thoughts no more may roam . To meet, half-way, your longing thoughts of me . To turn with these and spread glad wings for home . For the dear haven where I fain would be.
I knew it would happen . Everyone will leave me . I will remain alone .
It is my fate; it is my prize . To living alone . To smile alone . To cry alone .
Depression . even when the most enchantingly tantalizing of seductresses . unfurled their umpteenth flavors of vibrant seduction . just abreast of my impoverished countenance.
Depression . even when all the cuckoos of this Universe . boisterously chirped around me . for hours immemorial.
Depression . even when a fathomless garden of rose bountifully bloomed outside my bedroom window . insatiably wafting the scent of timeless happiness into my penuriously sagging ears.
Anxiety is the partner of depression. It accompanies half the cases of depression. Sometimes it triggers depression.
Anxiety and depression are an interesting mix. In many ways they are opposite experiences, and yet mix them together and you don't get a happy medium.
You can be a depressive and be happy, just as you can be a sober alcoholic. It doesn't have always have an obvious case.
One in five people gets depression at some point in their life. Though obviously more than that will suffer from mental illness.
Twice as many women as men will suffer a serious bout of depression in their lives.
The symptoms of clinical depression include excessive crying or sadness, extreme mood swings, erratic behavior, loss of interest in friends, loved ones, or any type of pleasure, loss of appetite, weight gain or loss, anger, irritability, fatigue.
If you have a sad expression, it is much more likely you will make others feel this too. If you smile happily, you may have this effect on those around you as well.
A person who displays a negative character generates a negative atmosphere.
Encourage others today! So often the difference between success and failure is belief.
Weed and feed. Our minds are like a garden; each day you need to weed out the negativity and feed it positivity.
You are more powerful than your circumstances. They don't define you. You do.
The story you tell yourself defines the life you live and the actions you take. It's important to tell yourself a positive story.
While fear and worry can weaken or harden you, love transforms you and the people and situations around you.
You don't have to wait to feel positive enough for a smile to happen. You can generate a positive feeling by smiling. Your smile can be the source of your positivity, not the result of it. Smile more today.
I can see that the sadness has returned. And it's not a beautiful sadness- beautiful sadness is a myth. Sadness turns our features to clay, not porcelain.
Night is beautiful when you are happy--comforting when you are in grief--terrible when you are lonely and unhappy.
We must also look into our feelings of grief and loss. When we accept that everything is constantly changing, when we accept the inevitability that people and animals die, we can deal with pain in a much better fashion.
Embrace your grief and your sadness felt towards those that have passed and remember them with love.
Replace your grief with love and appreciation. That is truly what any who have departed from our lives would wish for us.