I try not to borrow, first you borrow then you beg.
You don't have to be like most people around you, because most people never become truly rich and wealthy.
Too many people spend money they earned to buy things they don't want to impress people that they don't like.
A wise person should have money in their head, but not in their heart.
Money never made a man happy yet, nor will it. The more a man has, the more he wants. Instead of filling a vacuum, it makes one.
Our incomes are like our shoes; if too small, they gall and pinch us; but if too large, they cause us to stumble and to trip.
The stock market is filled with individuals who know the price of everything, but the value of nothing.
Invest in yourself. Your career is the engine of your wealth.
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest.
There can be no rise in the value of labour without a fall of profits.
Your net worth to the world is usually determined by what remains after your bad habits are subtracted from your good ones.
What we really want to do is what we are really meant to do. When we do what we are meant to do, money comes to us, doors open for us, we feel useful, and the work we do feels like play to us.
It's good to have money and the things that money can buy, but it's good, too, to check up once in a while and make sure that you haven't lost the things that money can't buy.
You must gain control over your money or the lack of it will forever control you.
Empty pockets never held anyone back. Only empty heads and empty hearts can do that.
Wealth consists not in having great possessions, but in having few wants.
Try to save something while your salary is small; it's impossible to save after you begin to earn more.
Never spend your money before you have it.
The individual investor should act consistently as an investor and not as a speculator.
A big part of financial freedom is having your heart and mind free from worry about the what-ifs of life.
All money is a matter of belief.
I would not pre-pay. I would invest instead and let the investments cover it.
Money is a good servant but a bad master.
Every once in a while, the market does something so stupid it takes your breath away.
Finance is critical. If sufficient investment is made in infrastructure and venture capital is made available, there will be a big improvement in the situation.
The avoidance of taxes is the only intellectual pursuit that still carries any reward.
Many people take no care of their money till they come nearly to the end of it, and others do just the same with their time.
I made my money the old-fashioned way. I was very nice to a wealthy relative right before he died.
Personal finances are like people's personal health, crucial and tragic to the sufferer but tedious to the listener.
Beware of little expenses. A small leak will sink a great ship.
I will tell you how to become rich. Close the doors. Be fearful when others are greedy. Be greedy when others are fearful.
Financial peace isn't the acquisition of stuff. It's learning to live on less than you make, so you can give money back and have money to invest. You can't win until you do this.
Every time you borrow money, you're robbing your future self.
I finally know what distinguishes man from the other beasts: financial worries.
The first rule in making money is not to lose it.
It's not how much money you make, but how much money you keep, how hard it works for you, and how many generations you keep it for.
Wide diversification is only required when investors do not understand what they are doing.
Price ain't merely about numbers. It's a satisfying sacrifice.
Thou shalt not forget that money is only money and not character or fame.
A budget tells us what we can't afford, but it doesn't keep us from buying it.
In investing, what is comfortable is rarely profitable.
Money often costs too much.
There is more dementia about finance than there is about sex.
By and large, I don't think too much of finance professors. It is a field with witchcraft.
Where you have complexity, by nature you can have fraud and mistakes...This will always be true of financial companies, including ones that run by governments. If you want accurate numbers from financial companies, you're in the wrong world.
There exists today an overwhelming consensus on the need to wrest from the grip of terrorists the funding they rely upon to finance their violence.
If merely looking up past financial data would tell you what the future holds, The Forbes 400 would consist of librarians.
If you can actually count your money, then you are not really a rich man.
It is wonderful to think how men of very large estates not only spend their yearly income but are often actually in want of money. It is clear, they have not valued for what they spend.
When it comes to finances, remember that there are no withholding taxes on the wages of sin.
Money is a poor man's credit card.
Money-lust has always existed, but not in the history of the world was it ever a craze, a madness, until your time and mine.
A dollar picked up in the road is more satisfaction to you than the ninety-and-nine which you had to work for, and money won at faro or in stock snuggles into your heart in the same way.
A holding company is the people you give your money to while you are being searched.
Profit is part of the mechanism by which society decides what it wants to see produced.
A bank is a financial institution from which you can borrow money as long as you can provide sufficient evidence to show you don't need it.
If you owe the bank $100, that's your problem. If you owe the bank $100 million, that's the bank's problem.
Money frees you from doing things you dislike. Since I dislike doing nearly everything, money is handy.
Money is good for bribing yourself through the inconveniences of life.
Without money, it is difficult to enjoy your wealth.
The way to become rich is to make money, not to save it.
If you want to make money, go where the money is.
The dollar will never fall as low as some people will do to get it.
The dollar will never fall as low as some people will do to get it.
Lack of money is no obstacle, lack of idea is an obstacle.
Rich or poor, it's good to have money.
Give a beggar a dime and he'll bless you. Give him a dollar and he'll curse you for withholding the rest of your fortune.
Money will come to you when you are doing the right thing.
Politics don't control the world, money does.
While many believe that only the wealthy have economic power, all of us have the power to spend our money where we choose, whether we're making a million-dollar purchase or buying a box of detergent.
If possible honestly, if not, somehow make money.
Always try and rub up against money long enough, some of it may rub off on you.
Money is better than poverty, if only for financial reasons.