Don't speak evil of someone if you don't know for certain, and if you do know ask yourself, why am I telling it?
The things most people want to know about are usually none of their business.
Fire and swords are slow engines of destruction, compared to the tongue of a Gossip.
Gossip is a sort of smoke that comes from the dirty tobacco-pipes of those who diffuse it: it proves nothing but the bad taste of the smoker.
And all who told it added something new, And all who heard it made enlargements too.
The only time people dislike gossip is when you gossip about them.
No one gossips about other people's secret virtues.
Gossip is what no one claims to like, but everybody enjoys.
Gossiping and lying go hand in hand.
Whoever gossips to you will gossip about you.
Lettin' the cat outta the bag is a whole lot easier 'n puttin' it back in.
Count not him among your friends who will retail your privacies to the world.
Loose tongues are worse than wicked hands.
What you don't see with your eyes, don't witness with your mouth.
Gossip needn't be false to be evil - there's a lot of truth that shouldn't be passed around.
Gossip about a person and his shadow will appear.
If you reveal your secrets to the wind, you should not blame the wind for revealing them to the trees.
How awful to reflect that what people say of us is true!
When of a gossiping circle it was asked, What are they doing? The answer was, Swapping lies.
Conversation is three women stand on the corner talking. Gossip is when one of them leaves.
Who speaks ill of others to you will speak ill of you to others.
There are a terrible lot of lies going about the world, and the worst of it is that half of them are true.
Gossip needs no carriage.
He gossips habitually; he lacks the common wisdom to keep still that deadly enemy of man, his own tongue.
Gossip is sometimes referred to as halitosis of the mind.
Of every ten persons who talk about you, nine will say something bad, and the tenth will say something good in a bad way.
Your friend has a friend, and your friend's friend has another friend so know when to keep quiet.
If someone cannot even keep his own secrets, don't count on him to keep someone else's.
Alas! they had been friends in youth; but whispering tongues can poison truth.