Ignorance more frequently begets confidence than does knowledge: it is those who know little, not those who know much, who so positively assert that this or that problem will never be solved by science.
Ignorance deprives people of freedom because they do not know what alternatives there are. It is impossible to choose to do what one has never heard of.
Beware of false knowledge; it is more dangerous than ignorance.
Ignorance is always afraid of change.
To remove ignorance is an important branch of benevolence.
Ignorance, the root and stem of all evil.
If ignorance is bliss, there should be more happy people.
The only victories which leave no regret are those which are gained over ignorance.
Better be ignorant of a matter than half know it.
I am not ashamed to confess I am ignorant of what I do not know.
Where ignorance is our master, there is no possibility of real peace.
The highest form of ignorance is when you reject something you don't know anything about.
Ignorance breeds monsters to fill up the vacancies of the soul that are unoccupied by the verities of knowledge.
Ignorance is preferable to error; and he is less remote from the truth who believes nothing, than he who believes what is wrong.
Most ignorance is evincible ignorance. We don't know because we don't want to know.
Ignorance is like a delicate fruit; touch it, and the bloom is gone.
Ignorance is never out of style. It was in fashion yesterday, it is the rage today and it will set the pace tomorrow.
Ignorance is not innocence, but sin.
Ignorance is the night of the mind, but a night without moon or star.
Ignorance speaks loudly, so as to be heard; but its volume proves reason to doubt every word.
The recipe for perpetual ignorance is: Be satisfied with your opinions and content with your knowledge.
Ignorance is the dominion of absurdity.
The truest characters of ignorance Are vanity, and pride, and annoyance.
Ignorance is never better than knowledge.
Ignorance never settles a question.
Everybody is ignorant, only on different subjects.
To be concious that you are ignorant of the facts is a great step toward knowledge.
I would rather have my ignorance than another man's knowledge, because I have got so much more of it.
The little I know, I own to ignorance.
By ignorance the truth is known.
It may be that the ignorant man, alone, has any chance to mate his life with life.
I know nothing except the fact of my ignorance.
The most violent element in society is ignorance.
Being ignorant is not so much a shame, as being unwilling to learn.
Ignorance is a virus. Once it starts spreading, it can only be cured by reason. For the sake of humanity, we must be that cure.
Teach the ignorant as much as you can.
Ignorance is still better than martyrdom.
Isn't it funny how ignorance is the source of strength of so many?
Ignorance is an underrated virtue, my lord.
Ignorance may be bliss, but only if it outweighs curiosity.
Read it wisely, Little One, for the power of ignorance is great.
Is it not ignorance that we share? A lie takes two. The truth we find alone.
Ignorance must be prosecuted when arrested. The only way for its arrest is by information and the only way for prosecution is through reading and learning of new things.
Even one voice in a wilderness of ignorance is a voice that is heard by someone.
Thoroughly conscious ignorance is the prelude to every real advance in science.
Ignorance is not a capital crime. It is a correctable condition.
To turn down knowledge is to resign to ignorance.
To know you are ignorant is the beginning of wisdom.
Ignorance must be a fun place to live; my parents seem to vacation there year-round.
The ignorance we’re ignorant of is the ignorance most difficult to remedy.
A great deal of intelligence can be invested in ignorance.
The pleasures of ignorance are as great, in their way, as the pleasures of knowledge.
Not ignorance, but ignorance of ignorance, is the death of knowledge.
To be ignorant of one's ignorance is the malady of ignorance.
It's innocence when it charms us, ignorance when it doesn't.
Ignorance is right!
You can still be sincere and still be stupid.
The mist of ignorance, esteems untrue. Rejecting whatsoever is a wonder.
It is when within the darkness of ignorance when you shout do you shine.
In guiltless ignorance, in ignorant guilt.
For ignorance, its growth and its protection.
Through ignorance, all troubles did surmount.
Pain and ignorance lead to great joy and knowledge because the Supreme Being has created nothing vain under the sun.
All ignorance toboggans into know and trudges up to ignorance again.
Ignorance is bliss.