An investor without investment objectives is like a traveler without a destination.
There are no bad business and investment opportunities, but there are bad entrepreneurs and investors.
Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make.
In the short run, the market is a voting machine, but in the long run it is a weighing machine.
Never depend on single income. Make investment to create a second source.
Investing in yourself is the best thing you can do. If you've got talents, no one can take them from you.
Earn as much as you can. Save as much as you can. Invest as much as you can. Give as much as you can.
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest.
The best investment is in the tools of one's own trade.
Goodness is the only investment that never fails.
Never stop investing. Never stop improving. Never stop doing something new.
You should invest in a business that even a fool can run, because someday a fool will.
Whenever you make an investment in yourself, you're making an investment in your future.
Beware of little expenses. A small leak will sink a great ship.
The individual investor should act consistently as an investor and not as a speculator.
It's not your salary that makes you rich, it's your spending habits.
Build into each budget the cost of hiring and don't lump yourself with capital investment.
Successful investing is about managing risk, not avoiding it.
The rich invest in time, the poor invest in money.
When you invest you are buying a day that you don't have to work.
The four most dangerous words in investing are: this time it's different.
Those who are unwilling to invest in the future haven't earned one.
Do not save what is left after spending, but spend what is left after saving.
Investing isn't about beating others at their game. It's about controlling yourself at your own game.
Anyone who is not investing now is missing a tremendous opportunity.
Put not your trust in money, but put your money in trust.
An important key to investing is to remember that stocks are not lottery tickets.
The best investment with the least risk and the greatest dividend is giving.
If a business does well, the stock eventually follows.
The greatest investment we can ever make is to invest our life in the life of someone else.
Be picky with who you invest your time in. Wasted time is worse than wasted money.
Don't gamble; take all your savings and buy some good stock and hold it till it goes up, then sell it. If it don't go up, don't buy it.
In any investment, you expect to have fun and make money.
Invest in yourself. Your career is the engine of your wealth.
You cannot save time for future use, but you can invest it for the future!
If you want your children to turn out well, invest twice as much time with them and half as much money.
An investor without investment objectives is like a traveler without a destination.
Some of your activities should be viewed as an investment and not a sacrifice.
Investors should purchase stocks like they purchase groceries, not like they purchase perfume.
Financial peace isn't the acquisition of stuff. It's learning to live on less than you make, so you can give money back and have money to invest. You can't win until you do this.
The entrance strategy is actually more important than the exit strategy.
It's not whether you're right or wrong that's important, but how much money you make when you're right and how much you lose when you're wrong.
You will come to know that what appears today to be a sacrifice will prove to be the greatest investment that you will ever make.
The stock market is never obvious. It is designed to fool most of the people, most of the time.
Bottoms in the investment world don't end with four-year lows; they end with 10- or 15-year lows.
The secret to investing is to figure out the value of something and then pay a lot less.
Don't look for the needle in the haystack.
In many ways, the stock market is like the weather in that if you don’t like the current conditions all you have to do is wait a while.
The biggest risk of all is not taking one.
Investing should be more like watching paint dry or watching grass grow. If you want excitement, take $800 and go to Las Vegas.
Although it’s easy to forget sometimes, a share is not a lottery ticket it’s part ownership of a business.
The stock market is filled with individuals who know the price of everything, but the value of nothing.
In investing, what is comfortable is rarely profitable.
How many millionaires do you know who have become wealthy by investing in savings accounts? I rest my case.
It's not how much money you make, but how much money you keep, how hard it works for you, and how many generations you keep it for.
To be a successful business owner and investor, you have to be emotionally neutral to winning and losing Winning and losing are just part of the game.
Don’t work for money; make it work for you.
If you want to be truly successful, invest in yourself to get the knowledge you need to find your unique factor. When you find it and focus on it and persevere your success will blossom.
Do not put all your eggs in one basket.
Rule #1: Never lose money; Rule #2: Don’t forget rule #1.
Risk comes from not knowing what you are doing.
I will tell you how to become rich. Close the doors. Be fearful when others are greedy. Be greedy when others are fearful.
Wide diversification is only required when investors do not understand what they are doing.
The stock market is a device for transferring money from the impatient to the patient.
The first rule of investment is: Don't Lose. And the second rule of investment is: Don't forget the first rule.