We have free will, but our free will lies in our choice of thoughts.
We cannot lead a choiceless life. Every day, every moment, every second, there is a choice. If it were not so, we would not be an individuals.
Decide what you want, decide what you are willing to exchange for it. Establish your priorities and go to work.
The history of free men is never really written by chance but by choice — their choice.
Every intersection in the road of life is an opportunity to make a decision.
You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes.. You can steer yourself any direction you choose.. You're on your own. And you know what you know.. And you are the guy who decide where to go.
It is the ability to choose which makes us human.
Mankind's greatest gift, also its greatest curse, is that we have free choice. We can make our choices built from love or from fear.
Until a person can say deeply and honestly, 'I am what I am today because of the choices I made yesterday.' That person cannot say, 'I choose otherwise.
it is our choices... that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.
By choosing we learn to be responsible. By paying the price of our choices, we learn to make better choices.
Creative choice is your birthright. Please own it.
Free choice is one of the highest of all the mental processes.
Know to choose well. Most of lives depend thereon. It needs a good taste and correct judgement, for which neither intellect nor study sufficient.
When you have to make a choice and you don't make it, that is in itself a choice.
As adults, our choices are almost unlimited, but that does not mean they are not painful. Frequently our choices lie between the lesser of two evils, but it is still within our power to make these choices.
The entirety of one's adult life is a series of personal choices, decisions. If we can accept this totally, then we become free people. To the extent that we do not accept this we will forever feel ourselves victim.
You are the person who has to decide. . Whether you'll do it or toss it aside;. You are the person who makes up your mind.. Whether you'll lead or will linger behind.. Whether you'll try for the goal that's afar.. Or just be contented to stay where you are.
Choice of attention — to pay attention to this and ignore that — is to the inner life what choice of action is to the outer. In both cases, a man is responsible for his choice and must accept the consequences whatever they may be.
Destiny is not a matter of chance, but of choice, not something to wish for, but to attain.
We are so often wide awake about the decisions our elected officials make in the political, public realm, and so asleep about our private choices.
This independence of will, mind, and imagination would inform her poetry and her life choices from that point on.
Life is all about choices. I remember the choices that my mother, for instance, did not have the opportunity to make.
To make such choices, you have to know who you are, what is important to you, and where you would like to go.
In all things in life, choose your conscience and trust your instincts, and lead your life without regrets.
Life is the sum of all your choices.
Being smart and making smarter decisions puts you in a better position to make better choices.
No matter how difficult your situation may be, there is always a choice you can make. A choice which will make all the difference in your life.
When nothing else seems to work, just choose how you see, hear, and feel about whatever it is.
Life presents you with so many decisions. A lot of times, they’re right in front of your face and they’re really difficult, but we must make them.
I believe that we are solely responsible for our choices, and we have to accept the consequences of every deed, word, and thought throughout our lifetime.
I think that there is something beautiful about mortality. It makes our decisions mean more.
It doesn’t matter which side of the fence you get off on sometimes. What matters most is getting off. You cannot make progress without making decisions.
The more decisions that you are forced to make alone, the more you are aware of your freedom to choose.
Don't be afraid to make mistakes. But if you do, make new ones. Life is too short to make the wrong choice twice.
All you can do in regard to your own life is choose the best path that you believe in.
No one can save a person from his or her thoughts and deeds except oneself. We can reach for particles of light to escape our dark chambers or continue to live with an inky soul. We make the choices that become our destiny.
Every day brings new choices.
The hardest decisions in life are not between good and bad or right and wrong, but between two goods or two rights.
Choose your life's mate carefully. From this one decision will come 90 percent of all your happiness or misery.
Any decision I make is the biggest decision of my life.
Your life changes the moment you make a new, congruent, and committed decision.
The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity. The fears are paper tigers. You can do anything you decide to do. You can act to change and control your life; and the procedure, the process is its own reward.
This is as true in everyday life as it is in battle: we are given one life and the decision is ours whether to wait for circumstances to make up our mind, or whether to act, and in acting, to live.
We are the creative force of our life, and through our own decisions rather than our conditions, if we carefully learn to do certain things, we can accomplish those goals.
There are a lot of things going on with my life right now that don't just have to do with career. So I have a hard time making decisions about work. That's really a luxury problem.
Concision in style, precision in thought, decision in life.
Look for your choices, pick the best one, and then go with it.
But the rule seems to be that the bigger and more life-changing the decision, the less it will seem like a decision at all.
It's very easy to make certain decisions that affect your life that you have no perspective on.
Using the power of decision gives you the capacity to get past any excuse to change any and every part of your life in an instant.
Sometimes it's the smallest decisions that can change your life forever.
I'm just kind of taking whatever life gives me and hoping that I make the right decision.
Life is a matter of choices, and every choice you make makes you.
When you live your life acting upon your deepest intuitions, no decision you ever make in life will be feared or a risk.
Life forces enough final decisions on us. We should have the sense to avoid as many of the unnecessary ones as we can.
We can't undo a single thing we have ever done, but we can make decisions today that propel us to the life we want and towards the healing we need.
The quality of your life ultimately is shaped by the quality of your choices and decisions.
Before you make a decision, ask yourself this question: will you regret the results or rejoice in them?
We may know our true purpose in life, because we may choose our purpose in life.
Life presents many choices, the choices we make determine our future.
In every single thing you do, you are choosing a direction. Your life is a product of choices.
Each person has a choice; the choice to do as one may wish and as one wants remains with the individual. If a person sees no benefit to change, they will not change.
Your choice of people to associate with, both personally and business-wise, is one of the most important choices you make. If you associate with turkeys, you will never fly with the eagles.
Choices are the hinges of destiny.
The hardest thing to learn in life is which bridge to cross and which to burn.
The doors we open and close each day decide the lives we live.
To decide is to walk facing forward with nary a crick in your neck from looking back at the crossroads.
Decisions become easier when your will to please God outweighs your will to please the world.
Once you make a decision, the universe conspires to make it happen.
The strongest principle of growth lies in human choice.
There are two primary choices in life; to accept conditions as they exist, or accept the responsibility for changing them.
Choice means saying no to one thing so you can say yes to another.
While we are free to choose our actions, we are not free to choose the consequences of our actions.
Every choice you make has an end result.
For what is the best choice, for each individual is the highest it is possible for him to achieve.
We must make the choices that enable us to fulfill the deepest capacities of our real selves.
We choose our joys and sorrows long before we experience them.
And in life, it is all about choices we make. And how the direction of our lives comes down to the choices we choose.
To decide, to be at the level of choice, is to take responsibility for your life and to be in control of your life.
Every person, all the events of your life are drawn there because you have them there. What you choose to do with them is up to you.
He is free knows how to keep in his own hands the power to decide.
The self is not something ready-made, but something in continuous formation through choice of action.
All my life, whenever it comes time to make a decision, I make it and forget about it.
Before my accidents, there were ten thousands things I could do. I could spend the rest of my life dwelling on the things that I had lost, but instead I chose to focus on the nine thousand I still had left.
In any moment of decision the best thing you can do is the right thing, the next best thing is the wrong thing, and the worst thing you can do is nothing.
How you react to situations is your personal choice. It is your decision, and yours alone, to determine the importance you give to any situation.