If you have no confidence in self, you are twice defeated in the race of life.
Esteem cannot be where there is no confidence, and there can be no confidence where there is no respect.
Insecure people only eclipse your sun because they're jealous of your daylight and tired of their dark, starless nights.
Low self-esteem is no better home to take a refuge.
Sometimes people with low self-esteem will try to punish you for caring about them.
Most people with low self-esteem have earned it.
I think high self-esteem is overrated. A little low self-esteem is actually quite good. Maybe you're not the best, so you should work a little harder.
Lack of confidence is what makes you want to change somebody else's mind. When you're OK, you don't need to convince anyone else in order to empower yourself.
It's not the lack of ability or opportunity that holds you back; it is only a lack of confidence in yourself.
Many of us harbor hidden low self-esteem. We deem everything and everyone more important that ourselves and think that meeting their needs is more important than meeting our own. But if you run out of gas, everyone riding with you will be left stranded.
When you are in the grips of low self-esteem, it's painful, and it certainly doesn't feel like pride. But I believe that this is the dark, quieter side of pride thwarted pride.
There is no such thing as perfect security, only varying levels of insecurity.
Most bad behaviour comes from insecurity.
It's insecurity that is always chasing you and standing in the way of your dreams.
Each one of us requires the spur of insecurity to force us to do our best.
Of all the traps and pitfalls in life, self-disesteem is the deadliest, and the hardest to overcome, for it is a pit designed and dug by our own hands, summed up in the phrase, 'It's no use - I can't do it.
Diffidence is a sort of false modesty.
Diffidence is not always innocence
Mere bashfulness without merit is awkward.
Bashfulness is an ornament to youth, but a reproach to old age.
Bashfulness is a great hindrance to a man, both in uttering his sentiments and in understanding what is proposed to him; 't is therefore good to press forward with discretion, both in discourse and company of the better sort.
Bashfulness may sometimes exclude pleasure, but seldom opens any avenue to sorrow or remorse.
When I was small, my most serious handicap was a painful bashfulness in the presence of strangers.
Shyness has a strange element of narcissism, a belief that how we look, how we perform, is truly important to other people.
The level of shyness has gone up dramatically in the last decade. I think shyness is an index of social pathology rather than a pathology of the individual.
Shyness is just egoism out of its depth.
There is a shyness about me, and I really need to get out more.
The way you overcome shyness is to become so wrapped up in something that you forget to be afraid.
You know what my greatest personal stumbling block is? My shyness.
Self-distrust is the cause of most of our failure. In the assurance of strength there is strength, and, they are the weakest, however strong, who have no faith in themselves or their powers.
The distrust of wit is the beginning of tyranny.
Timidity is a fault for which it is dangerous to reprove persons whom we wish to correct of it.
To the timid and hesitating everything is impossible because it seems so.
Timidity is a disease of the mind.
Timidity challenges the scorn of women.
I feel self-doubt whether I'm doing something hard or easy.
I'm full of self-doubt. I doubt everything I do. Everything I do is a failure.
I am incredibly self-deprecating. It stems from self-doubt.
Self distrust is good, but only if it leads to trust in God. Otherwise it ends as spiritual paralysis, inability and unwillingness to undertake any course of action.
Self-doubt kills talent.
I know it when I don't know it. Sometimes I know it when I don't think I know it. I need to trust myself in these moments, these rare moments of self-doubt.
Self-doubt inflicts the deepest wounds.
Excessive fear and self-doubt that were the greatest detractors of personal genius.
Erase self-doubt by working to build your strengths instead of focusing on your weaknesses.
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
Diffidence is the right eye of prudence.
I sometimes lack confidence in public, although I am proud enough inwardly.
Low self esteem involves imagining the worst that other people can think about you.