Don't let money run your life, let money help you run your life better.
Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art.
Making money is certainly the one addiction I cannot shake.
The safest way to double your money is to fold it over and put it in your pocket.
The money you make is a symbol of the value you create.
The key to making money is to stay invested.
Never depend on single income. Make investments to create a second source.
Don't stay in bed, unless you can make money in bed.
Expect the best. Prepare for the worst. Capitalize on what comes.
If you would know the value of money, go and try to borrow some.
Making money isn't hard in itself. What's hard is to earn it doing something worth devoting one's life to.
Everyday is a bank account, and time is our currency. No one is rich, no one is poor, we've got 24 hours each.
Today, the concept of business is to make money. Making money is the name of the business.
I have ways of making money that you know nothing of.
To acquire money requires valor, to keep money requires prudence, and to spend money well is an art.
An investment in knowledge always pays the best interest.
The longer you're not taking action the more money you're losing.
Making money isn't hard in itself. What's hard is to earn it doing something worth devoting one's life to.
Investing is simple, but not easy.
The real key to making money in stocks is not to get scared out of them.
Life started getting good when I started making money.
Money is usually attracted, not pursued.
A wise person should have money in their head, but not in their heart.
Money is a terrible master but an excellent servant.
Rule No. 1: Never lose money. Rule No. 2: Never forget rule No.1.
The only point in making money is, you can tell some big shot where to go.
There is a gigantic difference between earning a great deal of money and being rich.
Money is like a sixth sense and you can't make use of the other five without it.
The more you learn, the more you earn.
Money is always eager and ready to work for anyone who is ready to employ it.
To get rich, you have to be making money while you're asleep.
If all you're doing is making money, you have a luxurious but empty life.
Making money is easy. It is. The difficult thing in life is not making it, it's keeping it.
When money realizes that it is in good hands, it wants to stay and multiply in those hands.
Balancing your money is the key to having enough.
It is better to have a permanent income than to be fascinating.
The more your money works for you, the less you have to work for money.
The quickest way to double your money is to fold it in half and put it in your back pocket.
Never spend your money before you have it.