Mindsets are contagious. So choose the people you populate your life with extremely well.
My mindset at this stage, especially after having a daughter it's just changed my whole outlook.
As an organization changes your mindset as a leader also has to change. This becomes the lid to you organization. Whenever my organization starts to settle I believe I have to lift my lid, my capacity I have to think and act in a different way to achieve different results.
I think of religion as something that stains the person. It's a mindset you can never get free from, it's always in the back of your head.
You can accomplish anything you want in life, if you help enough other people get what they want.
Until your dream dominates your mindset, you'll never wake up to your greatness.
A positive mindset, not a doomsday mentality, supports being exceptional.
What makes you tough is your mindset and I believe anyone can be tough.
Performancism is the mindset that equates our identity and value directly with our performance and accomplishments.
Only changes in mindsets can extend the frontiers of the possible.
Risk more than others think is safe. Care more than others think is wise. Dream more than others think is practical. Expect more than others think is possible.
It takes a different mindset to be successful in anything; that's why there's not a lot of super duper successful people, because it's guys I know who may be ten times more talented than me, but they don't work as hard.
If you do not like anything, alter it. If you can not change it, adjust your mindset. Will not complain.
Remember that mindsets can not be changed through force and coercion. No idea can ever be forcibly thrust upon any one.
To create something exceptional, your mindset must be relentlessly focused on the smallest detail.
You can conquer almost any fear if you will only make up your mind to do so. For remember, fear doesn't exist anywhere except in the mind.
Christians need to have a mindset of victory, because God has destined us for victory.
Happiness depends on your mindset and attitude.
Leadership is a mindset that shifts from being a victim to creating results. Any one of us can demonstrate leadership in our work and within our lives.
The difference between average and good.
I think you should have a mindset of getting to the playoffs, because once you get in the playoffs, it is kind of a crapshoot.
Everyone is looking for the sure thing. They are looking to hedge their bet. They think the way to do that is to go with a proven quantity, a remake of something you have already seen. That is their mindset.
I am the master of my fate; I am the captain of my soul.
I have a mindset that says bipartisanship ought to consist of democrats coming to the republican point of view.
No matter what comes your way, shake it off and move forward. When you have a positive mindset, you can't be defeated.
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.
Football is football and talent is talent. But the mindset of your team makes all the difference.
We all have possibilities we don't know about. We can do things we don't even dream we can do.
My greatest challenge has been to change the mindset of people. Mindsets play strange tricks on us. We see things the way our minds have instructed our eyes to see.
Once your mindset changes, everything on the outside will change along with it.
The mindset that is needed, the capabilities that are needed, the metrics that are needed, the whole culture that is needed for discontinuous innovation, are fundamentally different.
Playing to bigger audiences at festivals got me in the mindset of writing music that I would sing to a crowd.
My definition of success is to live your life in a way that causes you to feel a ton of pleasure and very little pain - and because of your lifestyle, have the people around you feel a lot more pleasure than they do pain.
Mindset fuels behavior great lives, great relationships, great businesses, and great love stories are cultivated from within.
Whatever the mind can conceive and believe, it can achieve.
I succeed on my own personal motivation, dedication, and commitment. My mindset is: If I'm not out there training, someone else is.
In a growth mindset, challenges are exciting rather than threatening. So rather than thinking, oh, I'm going to reveal my weaknesses, you say, wow, here's a chance to grow.
To understand the mindset of the connected consumer, one must realize that everything begins with search and intent.
Mindset of the man too busy: I am too busy being God to become like God.
Certainty is a cruel mindset. It hardens our minds against possibility.
Mindset matters always.The difference found between the victorious and the envious, the successful and the haters; is mindset.
Your mindset matters. It affects everything from the business and investment decisions you make, to the way you raise your children, to your stress levels and overall well-being.
The best years of your life are the ones in which you decide your problems are your own. You do not blame them on your mother, the ecology, or the president. You realize that you control your own destiny.
What we really need is a mindset shift that will make us relevant to todays consumers, a mindset shift from telling to selling to building relationships.
I always make music that's reflective of the mindset I'm in at the time, and how I'm feeling.
Being an artist is more of a mindset, a way of seeing things; it is no longer so much about producing something.
I take my time to get into the mindset of the character and say my lines. I really have to be the person that I am playing.
Real time is a new mindset in marketing, and that's what inbound marketing is all about.