As negative thoughts produce negative actions, so positive thoughts produce positive actions.
Negative thoughts are the nails that build a prison of failure.
Believing in negative thoughts is the single greatest obstruction to success.
The best way to dispel negative thoughts is to require that they have a purpose.
The best way to overcome undesirable or negative thoughts and feelings is to cultivate the positive ones.
Do not allow negative thoughts to enter your mind for they are the weeds that strange confidence.
Do not let your negative thoughts have power over you because those thoughts will end up controlling your life. No one can live a positive life with a negative mind.
If you realized how powerful your thoughts are, you would never think a negative thought.
There are more blessings in the book of your destiny than your negative thoughts and beliefs are suggesting.
A mind filled with negative thoughts makes you feel miserable and inadequate and will lead to failure after failure no matter how hard you try to succeed.
Consider that not only do negative thoughts and emotions destroy our experience of peace, they also undermine our health.
Are you a hoarder of more negative thoughts or positive ones? Whichever ones you hoard, grow into trees and then forests.
When you have walked through the hell of your negative thoughts and survived, no pain on this earth will ever again worry you.
When you start comparing yourself to another man's mirror, that's when those negative thoughts start creeping in. My journey isn't anybody else's journey.
When you close the door of your mind to negative thoughts, the door of opportunity opens to you.
The only thing that can possibly keep you from going after your dreams is the person standing in your shoes, wearing your clothes, and thinking your negative thoughts.
The ancestor of every destructive action, every destructive decision, is a negative thought.
Dwelling on negative thoughts is like fertilizing weeds.
Never waste energy on worries or negative thoughts, all problems are brought into existence -drop them.
Never think negatively, for the negative thinker does a very dangerous thing. He pumps out negative thoughts into the world around him and thus activates the world negatively.
It was thinking negative thoughts or thinking positive thoughts, leaving the house prepared or leaving the house unprepared that made the difference.
We can lift ourselves, and others as well, when we refuse to remain in the realm of negative thought and cultivate within our hearts an attitude of gratitude.
Once you replace negative thoughts with positive ones, you'll start having positive results.
Be a force of love as often as you can and turn away negative thoughts whenever you feel them surface.
Be vigilant; guard your mind against negative thoughts
Learn to forgive others so that you can release yourself from being held captive by the very negative thoughts around you.
Just the simple process of letting go of negative thoughts will allow your natural state of health to emerge within you.
When your own mind tells you to quit, you must ignore your negative thoughts and press on.
The way to overcome negative thoughts and destructive emotions is to develop opposing, positive emotions that are stronger and more powerful.
If you think of thoughts of success and back them up with hard work, then you will be a winner. If you cherish doubts, negative thoughts, then you won't be a winner at all.
Positive minds produce positive lives. Negative minds produce negative lives. Positive thoughts are always full of faith and hope. Negative thoughts are always full of fear and doubt.