Aim for the stars.
Aim high in your career but stay humble in your heart.
Do not leave for tomorrow what you can do today.
First come, first served.
If the eyes didn't see, the hands wouldn't take.
Manana (tomorrow) is often the busiest day of the week.
New day, new fate.
No time like the present.
Once the rice is pudding, it's too late to reclaim the rice.
One who waits for chance, may wait a year.
Opportunities come but do not linger.
Strike while the iron is hot.
When one door shuts, another opens.
Who waiteth for dead man's shoes will go long barefoot.
Whoever wins the war gets to write the history.
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.
If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door.
A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity; an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty.
How much I missed, simply because I was afraid of missing it.
I will prepare and some day my chance will come.
Our most significant opportunities will be found in times of greatest difficulty.
Unfortunately, there seems to be far more opportunity out there than ability.... We should remember that good fortune often happens when opportunity meets with preparation.
Sometimes opportunities float right past your nose. Work hard, apply yourself, and be ready. When an opportunity comes you can grab it.
No great man ever complains of want of opportunity.
Time is limited and some opportunities never repeat themselves.
Opportunity is a haughty goddess who wastes no time with those who are unprepared.
Opportunities will come and go, but if you do nothing about them, so will you.
There comes a moment in every life when the Universe presents you with an opportunity to rise to your potential. An open door that only requires the heart to walk through, seize it and hang on. The choice is never simple. It's never easy. It's not supposed to be. But those who travel this path have always looked back and realized that the test was always about the heart. ...The rest is just practice.
Opportunity never knocks. It hangs thick in the air all around you. You breathe it unthinking, and dissipate it with your sighs.
Opportunity is often difficult to recognize; we usually expect it to beckon us with beepers and billboards.
Opportunity is a bird that never perches.
Every day is an opportunity to make a new happy ending.
All great work is preparing yourself for the accident to happen.
Many an opportunity is lost because a man is out looking for four-leaf clovers.
Opportunities fly by while we sit regretting the chances we have lost, and the happiness that comes to us we heed not, because of the happiness that is gone
Grasp your opportunities, no matter how poor your health; nothing is worse for your health than boredom.
Spend eighty percent of your time focusing on the opportunities of tomorrow rather than the problems of yesterday.
In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity.
A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds.
Opportunity -Often it comes in the form of misfortune, or temporary defeat.
Opportunities? They are all around us - there is power lying latent everywhere waiting for the observant eye to discover it.
Small opportunities are often the beginning of great enterprises.
We are continually faced by great opportunities brilliantly disguised as insoluble problems.
A man who misses his opportunity, and monkey who misses his branch, cannot be saved.
Teachers open the doors, but you must enter by yourself.
Even when opportunity knocks, a man still has to get up off his seat and open the door.
Opportunity comes like a snail, and once it has passed you it changes into a fleet rabbit and is gone.
Nothing is more expensive than a missed opportunity.
A good opportunity is seldom presented and easily lost.
Get bait while the tide is out.
Opportunities neglected are lost.
Opportunity never knocks twice in any man's door.
Opportunities, like eggs, come one at a time.
If the camel once gets its nose in the tent, his body will soon follow.
The mill cannot grind with the water that is past.
When the cat's away, the mice will play.
A person who misses his chance, and the monkey who misses his branch can't be saved.
Time is that wherein there is opportunity, and opportunity is that wherein there is no great time.
My friends, as I have discovered myself, there are no disasters, only opportunities. And, indeed, opportunities for fresh disasters.
He that will not when he may, when he will he shall have nay.
He is a good time-server that finds out the fittest opportunity of every action.
While we stop to think, we often miss out opportunity.
The sure way to miss success is to miss the opportunity.
The wise will make more opportunities than they find.
To be a great man it is necessary to turn to account all opportunities
Every opportunity presents an obligation.
Next to knowing when to seize an opportunity, the most important thing in life is to know when to forego an advantage.
To improve the golden moment of opportunity and catch the good that is within our reach is the great art of life.
He who refuses to embrace a unique opportunity loses the prize as surely as if he had failed.
The golden opportunity you are seeking is in yourself. It is not in your environment. It is not in luck or chance, or the help of others; it is in yourself alone.
There are two kinds of opportunities: one which we chance upon, the other which we create. In times of great difficulty, one must not fail to create his opportunity.
I had to make my own living and my own opportunity...Don't sit down and wait for opportunities to come ; you have to get up and make them.
For the highest task of intelligence is to grasp and recognize genuine opportunity, possibility.
The world is all gates, all opportunities, strings of tension waiting to be struck.
Present opportunities are neglected and attainable good is slighted, by minds busied in extensive ranges and intent upon future advantages.
Opportunities multiply as they are seized.
Chance is always powerful. Let your hook be always cast; in the pool where you least expect it, will be fish.
Great opportunities come to all, but many do not know they have met them.
When one door closes, another door opens; but we so often look so long and regretfully upon the closed door, that we do not see the ones which open for us.
Take advantage of every opportunity; where there is none, make it for yourself.
How singular, in the vastness of creation, is the richness of our opportunity.
What we have before us are some breathtaking opportunities disguised as insoluble problems.
Opportunity does not knock; it presents itself when you beat down the door.
Opportunities are often things you haven't noticed the first time around.