I've come to believe that all my past failure and frustration were actually laying the foundation for the understandings that have created the new level of living I now enjoy.
Success is often achieved by those who don't know that failure is inevitable.
Defeat is not the worst of failures. Not to have tried is the true failure.
Forget about the consequences of failure. Failure is only a temporary change in direction to set you straight for your next success.
Let me not pray to be sheltered from dangers, but to be fearless in facing them. Let me not beg for the stilling of my pain, but for the heart to conquer it.
Our greatest fear should not be of failure but of succeeding at things in life that don't really matter.
Thinking will not overcome fear but action will.
You can discover what your enemy fears most by observing the means he uses to frighten you.
You gain strength, courage, and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face. You must do the thing which you think you cannot do.
You cannot run away from weakness; you must some time fight it out or perish; and if that be so, why not now, and where you stand?
Every time you win, it diminishes the fear a little bit. You never really cancel the fear of losing; you keep challenging it.
Fear can't hold a candle to unswerving faith, much less muster up the guts to even attempt to blow it out.
You can conquer almost any fear if you will only make up your mind to do so. For remember, fear doesn't exist anywhere except in the mind.
Confront your fears, list them, get to know them, and only then will you be able to put them aside and move ahead.
When a resolute young fellow steps up to the great bully, the world, and takes him boldly by the beard, he is often surprised to find it comes off in his hand, and that it was only tied on to scare away the timid adventurers.
Fear is the main source of superstition, and one of the main sources of cruelty. To conquer fear is the beginning of wisdom.
Fears are educated into us, and can, if we wish, be educated out.
Curiosity will conquer fear even more than bravery will.
Fear is only as deep as the mind allows.
Go back a little to leap further.
It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed.
I failed my way to success.
Don't obsess about the failures. Instead, investigate and close the successes.
We learn wisdom from failure much more than success. We often discover what we will do, by finding out what we will not do.
Nothing in life is to be feared. It is to be understood.
Fight your fears and you'll be in battle forever. Face your fears and you'll be free forever.
Do the thing you fear, and continue to do so. This is the quickest and surest way of all victory over fear.
Do not fear mistakes. You will know failure. Continue to reach out.
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear, not absence of fear. Except a creature be part coward, it is not a compliment to say it is brave.
When fear ceases to scare you, it cannot stay.
Avoiding danger is no safer in the long run than outright exposure. The fearful are caught as often as the bold.
Try a thing you haven't done three times. Once, to get over the fear of doing it. Twice, to learn how to do it. And a third time to figure out whether you like it or not.
Willpower is the key to success. Successful people strive no matter what they feel by applying their will to overcome apathy, doubt or fear.
Fear is healthy panic is dangerous.
What is the biggest thing that stops people from living their lives in the present moment? Fear--and we must learn how to overcome fear.
To escape fear, you have to go through it, not around.
He who is not everyday conquering some fear has not learned the secret of life.
I have accepted fear as a part of life-specifically the fear of change I have gone ahead despite the pounding in the heart that says: turn back.
Ultimately we know deeply that the other side of every fear is freedom.
Do what you fear most and you control fear.
There are four ways you can handle fear. You can go over it, under it, or around it. But if you are ever to put fear behind you, you must walk straight through it. Once you put fear behind you. Leave it there.
Feed your faith and your fears will starve to death.
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one.
A mind focused on doubt and fear cannot focus on the journey to victory.
I will not die an unlived life. I will not live in fear of falling or catching fire. I choose to inhabit my days, to allow my living to open me, to make me less afraid, more accessible, to loosen my heart until it becomes a wing, a torch, a promise. I choose to risk my significance; to live so that which comes to me as seed goes to the next as blossom and that which comes to me as blossom, goes on as fruit.
Courage is not the absence of fear, but rather the judgment that something else is more important than fear.
We are more often frightened than hurt; and we suffer more from imagination than from reality.
One of the greatest discoveries a man makes, one of his great surprises, is to find he can do what he was afraid he couldn't do.