Pretending that we live doesn't make us alive.
Pretending to know everything closes the door to finding out what's really there.
I hope you have not been leading a double life, pretending to be wicked and being good all the time. That would be hypocrisy.
The best way to not get your heart broken, is pretending you don't have one.
Duty largely consists of pretending that the trivial is critical.
You can't wake a person who is pretending to be asleep.
Pretending is not just play. Pretending is imagined possibility. Pretending, or acting, is a very valuable life skill and we do it all the time.
When one is pretending the entire body revolts.
Wearing a mask wears you out. Faking it is fatiguing. The most exhausting activity is pretending to be what you know you aren't.
The only good in pretending is the fun we get out of fooling ourselves that we fool somebody.
Wisdom consists partly in not pretending anymore, in discarding artifice.
It's much more interesting to embrace who you really are rather than waste energy pretending to be someone else.
The terrible immoralities are the cunning ones hiding behind masks of morality, such as exploiting people while pretending to help them.
You're pretending this isn't your life. You think it's going to happen some other time. When you're dead you'll realise you were alive now.
Everybody wants to lie to himself, pretending that there's something else besides only the normal life you're living in.
There’s no use of pretending to be good in front of people who are also doing same to us.. Mutual deceptions don’t lead anywhere.
Everyone in a position of authority is hysterical, and everyone else is pretending to be asleep.
Nobody really knows what they're doing. Some are just better at pretending like they do.
Half the trouble in life is caused by pretending there isn't any.
There is weakness in pretending to know more than you know or in stating less than you know.
You don't get anything worth getting by pretending to know things you don't know.
Pretending that there are no choices to be made - reading only books, for example, which are cheery and safe and nice - is a prescription for disaster for the young.
You gain power by pretending to be weak.
Confidence is very important - even pretending to be confident. If you make a mistake but do not let your opponent see what you are thinking then he may overlook the mistake.
We are born knowing how to be just. And we die knowing we spent a lifetime pretending we didn't.
Good people protect people they love even if that means that pretending that everything is okay.
I think any hardship is better than pretending to do what one is paid for, and never really doing it.
Never pretend to a love which you do not actually feel, for love is not ours to command.