Busy not yourself in looking forward to the events of to-morrow; but whatever may be those of the days Providence may yet assign you neglect not to turn them to advantage.
Procrastination is like a credit card; it's a lot fun until you get the bill.
Regret for the things we did can be tempered by time; it is regret for the things we did not do that is inconsolable.
Stop procrastinating, stop feeling guilty and just do it!
Procrastinating does nothing more than add to your do list.
Procrastination can guard against making the wrong choice too soon. Or it could just be mental laziness.
Procrastination is my sin. It brings me naught but sorrow. I know that I should stop it.
Procrastination is something best put off until tomorrow.
I don't wait for moods. You accomplish nothing if you do that. Your mind must know it has got to get down to work.
Nothing is so fatiguing as the eternal hanging on of an uncompleted task.
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.
Don't put off until tomorrow what can be done today. Procrastination is a sign of weak character.
Procrastination is the soul rebelling against entrapment.
He who hesitates is last.
Procrastination is a sign of a perfectionist.
It's easy to get distracted and procrastinate sometimes, but you can make it happen.
Don't let procrastination take over your life. Be brave and take risks. Your life is happening right now.
The greatest thief this world has ever produced is procrastination, and he is still at large.
My evil genius Procrastination has whispered me to tarry 'til a more convenient season.
Don't postpone joy until you have learned all of your lessons. Joy is your lesson.
Procrastination is also a subtle act of corruption – it corrupts valuable time
Vagueness and procrastination are ever a comfort to the frail in spirit.
Procrastination may not take up a lot of effort physically but without you knowing it, it takes over the mind.
You may not be punished for your procrastination, but for sure you will be punished by your procrastination.
The problem with procrastination is it's been around since the beginning of time it seems.
Procrastination is the bad habit of putting of until the day after tomorrow what should have been done the day before yesterday.
Procrastination is the foundation of all disasters.
Doing just a little bit during the time we have available puts you that much further ahead than if you took no action at all.
The greatest amount of wasted time is the time not getting started.
Procrastination is the art of keeping up with yesterday
Happy soul and a hardcore procrastinator seeking truth.
Procrastination is the thief of time, collar him.
If you procrastinate when faced with a big difficult problem break the problem into parts, and handle one part at a time.
You may delay, but time will not.
I can't think about that right now. If I do, I'll go crazy. I'll think about that tomorrow.
Procrastinate now, don't put it off.
Procrastination is opportunity's natural assassin.
Never put off till tomorrow what may be done day after tomorrow just as well.
There is no avoidance in delay.
Delay is the deadliest form of denial.
If you are always saying I'll do it to tomorrow, than your tomorrow will than turn into another day and so on, and so, etc. etc.
Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone
If you put off everything till you're sure of it, you'll never get anything done.
Never postpone until tomorrow what you can postpone until the day after.
Procrastinators are the painters of tomorrow.
Procrastination is a ring on every man's finger.
Procrastination is one of the most common and deadliest of diseases and its toll on success and happiness is heavy.
In delay there lies no plenty.