Pain is temporary. Quitting lasts forever.
Age wrinkles the body. Quitting wrinkles the soul.
Quitting is the easiest thing to do.
You can always quit, so why quit now.
When your own mind tells you to quit, you must ignore your negative thoughts and press on.
Strategic quitting is the secret of successful organizations
Failing is not the worst thing in the world; quitting is.
It's always too early to quit.
You can never quit. Winners never quit, and quitters never win.
If you quit once it becomes a habit. Never quit.
Most people who succeed in the face of seemingly impossible conditions are people who simply don't know how to quit.
A man is not finished when he is defeated. He is finished when he quits.
Quit now, you'll never make it. If you disregard this advice, you'll be halfway there.
Rest but never quit. Even the sun has a sinking spell each evening. But it always rises the next morning. At sunrise, every soul is born again.
One of the most common causes of failure is the habit of quitting when one is overtaken by temporary defeat.
Once you learn to quit, it becomes a habit.
A quitter never wins and a winner never quits.
Never Quit.... Never ever Quit... You might feel weak when there is someone stronger and more skilled than you are, but if you don't quit there is a chance to prove your determination....
Quitting is not the answer. Life is not fair, and you can't quit every time something unfair happens to you.
Quitting is a hiccup for losers. And down they go.
Of all the stratagems, to know when to quit is the best.
Success can be defined in many ways but failure in only one ...
Next time you want to quit, think who you want to be. Quitters never win.
If you live long enough, you'll make mistakes. But if you learn from them, you'll be a better person. It's how you handle adversity, not how it affects you. The main thing is never quit, never quit, never quit.
The man who gives up accomplishes nothing and is only a hindrance. The man who does not give up can move mountains.
Things can always get worse, but only quitters quit!
Quitting is leading too.
Never quit. It is the easiest cop-out in the world. Set a goal and don't quit until you attain it. When you do attain it, set another goal, and don't quit until you reach it. Never quit.
The problem with self-improvement is knowing when to quit.
When faced with a mountain, I will not quit! I will keep on striving until I climb over, find a pass through, tunnel underneath - or simply stay and turn the mountain into a gold mine, with God's help!
Quit while you're ahead.
The first time you quit, it's hard. The second time, it gets easier. The third time, you don't even have to think about it.
No one wants to quit when he's losing and no one wants to quit when he's winning.
Fight the tendency to quit while you're behind.
Hard times ain't quit and we ain't quit.
It's a little like wrestling a gorilla. You don't quit when you're tired, you quit when the gorilla is tired.
Resolve never to quit, never to give up, no matter what the situation.
There's only one way you can fail, and that's to quit.
You're never a loser until you quit trying.
I never tried quitting, and I never quit trying.
The difference in winning and losing is most often not quitting.
Effort only fully releases its reward after a person refuses to quit.
The best way to guarantee a loss is to quit.
How am I to know what I can achieve if I quit?
I might lack in technicality, I might lack in strength, but there's no quit in me...I don't give up.
Quitting doesn't enter my mind.
The day I quit is the day I die.
When you feel like quitting, remember why you started.