A rejection is nothing more than a necessary step in the pursuit of success.
I take rejection as someone blowing a bugle in my ear to wake me up and get going, rather than retreat.
Rejection can disappoint you, depress you and may even stop you in your tracks... learn not to take rejection so personally... if you're honest with yourself and believe in your work, others will too.
Artistic rejection is like taking cod liver oil; they say it's good for you, you know they're right, but it can be still tough to swallow.
Rejection doesn't have to mean you aren't good enough; it often just means the other person failed to notice what you have to offer.
Dear to us are those who love us but dearer are those who reject us as unworthy, for they add another life; they build a heaven before us whereof we had not dreamed, and thereby supply to us new powers out of the recesses of the spirit.
Every rejection is incremental payment on your dues that in some way will be translated back into your work.
Rejection is the sand in the oyster, the irritation that ultimately produces the pearl.
A boo is a lot louder than a cheer. If you have 10 people cheering and one person booing, all you hear is the booing.
Human rejection can be God's divine protection.
Rejection gives you more power to push forward.
Rejection is part of the game. Or rather, rejection is part of the profession. A profession which at times can feel like a game.
You get used to the rejection and you don't take it personally.
Rejection is merely a redirection; a course correction to your destiny.
Each rejection brings us closer to acceptance.
We are always afraid to ask because we aren't afraid of the answer but the feeling of rejection.
There's nothing like rejection to make you do an inventory of yourself.
Do not waste yourself in rejection; do not bark against the bad, but chant the beauty of the good.
The effects of rejection can either kill your muse or change your life.
It is necessary to put yourself out for rejection, and accept that you will be rejected.
Learn to eat rejection; it will make you stronger.
A clear rejection is always better than a fake promise.
Rejection isn't a sign that something is wrong for you it's a sign that they're wrong for you.
Don't feel bad if someone rejects you or ignore you. People usually reject and ignore expensive things because they can't afford them.
Rejected pieces aren't failures; unwritten pieces are.
I always feel like rejection is my petrol. That's what keeps me going.
You may not realize it when it happens, but a kick in the teeth may be the best thing in the world for you.
Just because you are different does not mean that you have to be rejected.
Reject your sense of injury and the injury itself disappears.
Don't let anyone, or any rejection, keep you from what you want.
Rejection is, of course, part of any successful model's career, as ironic as that sounds. It's how you pick yourself up and get on with the job.
Better a friendly refusal than an unwilling consent.
A soft refusal is not always taken, but a rude one is immediately believed
You can be the ripest, juiciest peach in the world, and there's still going to be somebody who hates peaches.
Social rejection doesn't just cause emotional pain; it affects our physical being.
Rejection isn't failure. Failure is giving up. Everyone gets rejected. It's how handle it that determines where you'll end up.
If we live for people's acceptance, we will die from their rejection.
Don't get discouraged from all the rejection.
There's no point in dwelling on rejection.
Rejection is a challenge.
Practice, practice, practice until you eventually get numb on rejections.
I think all great innovations are built on rejections.
To be no part of any body, is to be nothing.
You've got to love this business. You have to be able to take rejection.
Rejection is a big part of show business. It can be tough on anyone who doesn't have fairly good self-esteem. Especially kids, as they try to discover who they are.
The greatest trap in our life is not success, popularity or power, but self rejection.
Human beings, like plants, grow in the soil of acceptance, not in the atmosphere of rejection.
The better you are at communicating, negotiating, and handling your fear of rejection, the easier life is.
Sometimes rejection in life is really redirection.
You have to know how to accept rejection and reject acceptance.
The most important element of a free society, where individual rights are held in the highest esteem, is the rejection of the initiation of violence.
Artistic creation is a demand for unity and a rejection of the world.
Often, out of our greatest rejection comes our greatest direction.
Never give up! Failure and rejection are only the first step to succeeding.
Rejection and the fear of rejection is the biggest impediment we face to choosing ourselves.