Work on your relationships...
Secrets are festering parasites to a relationship, devouring their hosts from within, leaving behind a empty hollow husk of what once was.
For lack of an occasional expression of love, a relationship strong at the seams can wear thin in the middle.
Don't smother each other. No one can grow in the shade.
Never let a problem to be solved become more important than a person to be loved.
A lovers' quarrel is always about every quarrel you ever had.
Problems in relationship occur because each person is concentrating on what is missing in the other person.
Assumptions are the termites of relationships.
In a relationship, it is demeaning to constantly seek your partner's approval. In such relationships, real caring, depth or even love is missing.
Never love anybody that treats you like you're ordinary.
If your love for another person doesn't include loving yourself then your love is incomplete.
Every relationship has its own problems. But sometimes what makes it perfect is if you still wanna be together, when things go the wrong way.
Love cannot live where there is no trust.
Trouble is part of your life, and if you don't share it, you don't give the person who loves you enough chance to love you enough.
There is no pain equal to that which two lovers can inflict on one another.
The best person to talk to about the problems in your relationship is the person you're in a relationship with.
Don't settle for a relationship that won't let you be yourself.
Every couple needs to argue now and then. Just to prove that the relationship is strong enough to survive. Long-term relationships, the ones that matter, are all about weathering the peaks and the valleys.
How can our relationship grow when you don't respect my need to discuss everything that is wrong with you?
I love her too, but our neuroses just don't match.
Each relationship nurtures a strength or weakness within you.
Almost all of our sorrows spring out of our relations with other people.
When you're in a relationship, you're always surrounded by a ring of circumstances... joined together by a wedding ring, or in a boxing ring.
In general, the problem in a relationship is when the couple stagnate.
When you don't talk, there's a lot of stuff that ends up not getting said.
Miscommunication is endless.
Disrespect is fatal to a relationship.
Relationships based on obligation lack dignity.
If you want equal rights in a relationship, then you need to put in equal efforts.
A relationship is part of life, so why run from something that's always going to be a part of your life.
You can't give love if you have no love for yourself. What you give to yourself, will be exactly what you get from someone else.
If a man takes you into his home, his intentions should be to marry you, if not you're the one to blame for being his roommate.
God heals the heart while your mind reflects mental pain.
There's no room in relationships for track stars.
If you treat your relationship like a recession, your significant other will surely go find work someone else.
Save the fight for those who physically or mentally hurt you, not the ones who try and truly love you.
Relationships are like board games, if you willing to play, there's no chance of winning.
Don't rely on relationship books, to emulate what the body feels.
I'd rather be single and have everything, then be in a relationship and have little or nothing.
A relationship can't survive, if you're going in two separate directions, being a unite requires we ride together.
If you feel lonely in a relationship, it's better not to be in it.
No one can make you happy but you, getting into a relationship to fill a lonely space, will only end.
If you don't learn how to guard your heart against the past, you'll be a fool in the future.
Little boys push little girls from time to time to show their dominants, real men walk away.
After you've been burned in a relationship, it's not easy for the next person to win the lottery of trust in your heart.
If the price of love, cost me a lifetime of pain, there's no value in it.
Let your mind co-sign your heart's intentions.
Being in a bad relationship is like being a slave on a plantation.
A person who looks at a relationship part-time will never understand a full time commitment.
Warning signs of a relationship can be predetermined by words and actions expressed, but if you don't take the time to listen, the mistakes issues or problems that occur will be your own fault, by your own omission.
You never realize how much you love someone until they're gone.
The key to loving relationships is to accept one another in permanence. That means we must love each other no matter what happens to the relationship.
Do not let a small disagreement ruin a great relationship.
Remember that the best relationship is that in which mutual love is bigger that mutual necessity.
Consider that great love relationships and life goals are risky: if you lose, cherish the lesson anyway.
When you enter into a new relationship, treat that person as if a gift.
To make a great realtionship last, trust and friendship must be your first task.
If there is no trust in a relationship at all, it is destined to surely fall.