Revenge is a kind of wild justice, which the more man's nature runs to the more ought law to weed it out.
Revenge and retaliation always pertuate the cycle of anger, fear and violence.
Revenge is an act of passion; vengeance of justice. Injuries are revenged; crimes are avenged.
Retaliation is as just as night and down.
Revenge is a sorrow for the person who has to take it on. And the person who is rash enough to think it's going to help a situation is always wrong.
Retaliation by rebellion is hurtful to the intended target, but sadly it creates a heated desert that demands for the now rebel to reach out his arms of pride for help, a few succumb the courage to do it, many die because their arms are heavy.
Revenge is the infliction of pain, in consequence of the neglect or violation of duty.
Our capacity to retaliate must be, and is, massive in order to deter all forms of aggression.
Revenge is a particularly interesting concept, especially the notion of whether or not it exists outside of just an abstract idea.
Retaliation is related to nature and instinct, not to law. Law, by definition, cannot obey the same rules as nature.
He who wrongs someone has to expect something in retaliation.
Revenge is like politics, one thing always leads to another until bad has become worse, and worse has become worst.
Revenge can only be found on the road to self-destruction.
Revenge has no more quenching effect on emotions than salt water has on thirst.
The will to survive is not as important as the will to prevail the answer to criminal aggression is retaliation.
Revenge is backward looking, whereas rationality is forward looking so the two fail to engage.
Without forgiveness life is governed by an endless cycle of resentment and retaliation.
Revenge is the act of passion, vengeance is an act of justice.
Revenge is an infection of the spirit.
The best revenge is to live on and prove yourself.
The best revenge is massive success.
Revenge is always the weak pleasure of a little and narrow mind.
Revenge is a confession of pain.