As soon as you trust yourself, you will know how to live.
Once we believe in ourselves, we can risk curiosity, wonder, spontaneous delight, or any experience that reveals the human spirit
What the mind can conceive and believe, and the heart desire, you can achieve.
Confidence is like a dragon where, for every head cut off, two more heads grow back.
A great figure or physique is nice, but it's self-confidence that makes someone really sexy.
With realization of one's own potential and self-confidence in one's ability, one can build a better world.
The way to develop self-confidence is to do the thing you fear and get a record of successful experiences behind you.
You need an incredible amount of self-confidence to go digging around in someone's brain.
If you hear a voice within you say 'you cannot paint,' then by all means paint, and that voice will be silenced.
Always be yourself and have faith in yourself. Do not go out and look for a successful personality and try to duplicate it.
You wouldn't worry so much about what others think of you if you realized how seldom they do.
Trust yourself. Create the kind of self that you will be happy to live with all your life. Make the most of yourself by fanning the tiny, inner sparks of possibility into flames of achievement.
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.
Confidence comes not from always being right but from not fearing to be wrong.
The courage to be is the courage to accept oneself, in spite of being unacceptable.
Trust yourself. You know more than you think you do.
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence.
Confidence, like art, never comes from having all the answers; it comes from being open to all the questions.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams and live the life you have imagined.
Confidence thrives on honesty, on honor, on the sacredness of obligations, on faithful protection and on unselfish performance. Without them it cannot live.
You have no control over other people's taste, so focus on staying true to your own.
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
If you're presenting yourself with confidence, you can pull off pretty much anything.
I've finally stopped running away from myself.
Low self-confidence isn't a life sentence. Self-confidence can be learned, practiced, and mastered - just like any other skill. Once you master it, everything in your life will change for the better.
One important key to success is self-confidence. An important key to self-confidence is preparation.
I have gone ahead despite the pounding in the heart that says: Turn back.
It is confidence in our bodies, minds and spirits that allows us to keep looking for new adventures.
Embracing your true self radiates a natural beauty that cannot be diluted or ignored.
Don't live down to expectations. Go out there and do something remarkable.
Confidence is preparation. Everything else is beyond your control.
A man cannot be comfortable without his own approval.
To establish true self-esteem we must concentrate on our successes and forget about the failures and the negatives in our lives.
Our self-respect tracks our choices. Every time we act in harmony with our authentic self and our heart, we earn our respect. It is that simple. Every choice matters.
You have been criticizing yourself for years, and it hasn't worked. Try approving of yourself and see what happens.
The better you feel about yourself, the less you feel the need to show off.
It is never too late to be what you might have been.
Who has confidence in himself will gain the confidence of others.
Self-confidence is the first requisite to great undertakings.
I think self-awareness is probably the most important thing towards being a champion.
You can have anything you want if you are willing to give up the belief that you can't have it.
Confidence is half of victory.
There's one blessing only, the source and cornerstone of beatitude: confidence in self.
Confidence is that feeling by which the mind embarks on great and honorable courses with a sure hope and trust in itself.
If you have no confidence in self, you are twice defeated in the race of life. With confidence, you have won even before you have started.
The strongest single factor in prosperity consciousness is self-esteem: believing you can do it, believing you deserve it, believing you will get it.
Always be a first-rate version of yourself, instead of a second-rate version of somebody else.
The most important key to the permanent enhancement of esteem is the practice of positive inner-talk.