Anxiety does not empty tomorrow of its sorrows, but only empties today of its strength.
I'm shy, but I'm not clinically shy. I don't have social anxiety disorder or anything like that. I more have a gentle shyness. Like, I have a little trouble mingling at parties.
I think one thing that does cause unhappiness is protracted anxiety and worry.
The shy and the extroverted have this in common - that they both fancy they are the center of attention.
I'm scared of any fighter I've ever fought because they are some dangerous people to be dealing with. That's also where the anxiety comes from.
I've spent most of my life and most of my friendships holding my breath and hoping that when people get close enough they won't leave, and fearing that it's a matter of time before they figure me out and go.
Without anxiety and illness I should have been like a ship without a rudder.
I have social anxiety. It's easier up on stage because there's security in being there. When I'm off stage I'm trying not to be a manic freak. I'm quite shy.
We are always doing something to cover up our basic existential anxiety. Some people live that way until the day they die.
Anxiety is the dizziness of freedom.
Anxiety is the natural result when our hopes are centered in anything short of God and His will.
To suffer some anxiety, some depression, some disappointment, even some failure is normal.
Now that I have conquered social anxiety disorder, I find pleasure in fans approaching me.
In the anxiety to get beautiful colour harmony do not exhaust all combinations on one canvas.
Anxiety is not to be managed it is a sin that needs to be repented of.
Our minds can be kept free of anxiety as we dump the load of our cares on the Lord in prayer.
The fear of being laughed at makes cowards of us all.
Anxiety is love's greatest killer. It creates the failures. It makes others feel as you might when a drowning man holds on to you. You want to save him, but you know he will strangle you with his panic.
Fear, anxiety and neurosis: that's just in the suitcase when you're an actor.
Stress is something that is sort of out of your control. You get stressed out over looking at the finish line. Stress is something that is an outside thing. Stress is an anxiety.
Today is the tomorrow we worried about yesterday.
Anxiety and depression are the price you pay for a well-lived life.
I speak of a clinical depression that is the background of your entire life, a background of anguish and anxiety, a sense that nothing goes well, that pleasure is unavailable and all your strategies collapse.
A man will be imprisoned in a room with a door that's unlocked and opens inwards; as long as it does not occur to him to pull rather than push.
Anxiety is good for nothing if we can't turn it into a defense.
You are not weak. People like us, we're brave. We're the ones who get up and face our worst fears every day. We keep fighting.
Anxiety is the beginning of conscience, which is the parent of the soul but is not compatible with innocence.
Self-consciousness is the enemy of all art, be it acting, writing, painting, or living itself, which is the greatest art of all.
At some stages of your life you will deal with things and at others you are overwhelmed with misery and anxiety.
Anxiety comes into existence only when we become identified with small things. And they all pass.
The moment I started treating my social anxiety disorder, I started feeling better.
For me, most of the anxiety and difficulty of writing takes place in the act of not writing. It's the procrastination, the thinking about writing that's difficult.
It was impossible to sleep. Anxiety stopped me from falling asleep; depression woke me up.
Each moment of worry, anxiety or stress represents lack of faith in miracles, for they never cease.
Depression is a devastating illness, causing great suffering in the afflicted and anxiety to their nearest and dearest: it can hit at any age.
Even now it comes as a shock if by chance I notice in the street a face resembling someone I know however slightly, and I am at once seized by a shivering violent enough to make me dizzy.
A large part of the present anxiety to improve the education of girls and women is also due to the conviction that the political disabilities of women will not be maintained.
Release all the anxiety that keeps you from moving ahead. Keep breathing it out and letting it go.
In other people's company I felt I was dull, gloomy, unwelcome, at once bored and boring.
My anxiety level of my own work and what I'm doing and focusing on my art and all of that stuff? That's fundamental.
Anxiety is a deep conscious breath away from dissolving.
I have packed myself into silence so deeply and for so long that I can never unpack myself using words. When I speak, I only pack myself a little differently.
The components of anxiety, stress, fear, and anger do not exist independently of you in the world. They simply do not exist in the physical world, even though we talk about them as if they do.
Social anxiety results from being around people who are resolutely opposed to who you are.
Even though loneliness affects so many of us, it has gotten scant research attention compared to related conditions like depression or anxiety.
He who fears he will suffer, already suffers from his fear.
Anxiety is the fear that one of a pair of opposites might cancel the other. Forever.