Tolerance implies no lack of commitment to one's own beliefs. Rather it condemns the oppression or persecution of others.
Tolerance is the positive and cordial effort to understand another's beliefs, practices, and habits without necessarily sharing or accepting them.
Tolerance and celebration of individual differences is the fire that fuels lasting love.
Tolerance is the oil which takes the friction out of life.
Tolerance is giving to every other human being every right that you claim for yourself.
Tolerance only for those who agree with you is no tolerance at all.
What is tolerance?--it is the consequence of humanity. We are all formed of frailty and error; let us pardon reciprocally each other's folly--that is the first law of nature.
Tolerance comes of age. I see no fault committed that I myself could not have committed at some time or other.
The test of courage comes when we are in the minority. The test of tolerance comes when we are in the majority.
Tolerance becomes a crime when applied to evil.
Sometimes true tolerance requires an extraordinary strength, which we are often too weak to exercise.
Unlimited tolerance must lead to the disappearance of tolerance. If we extend unlimited tolerance even to those who are intolerant, if we are not prepared to defend a tolerant society against the onslaught of the intolerant, then the tolerant will be destroyed, and tolerance with them. [...] We should therefore claim, in the name of tolerance, the right not to tolerate the intolerant.
Compassion and tolerance are not a sign of weakness, but a sign of strength.
The responsibility of tolerance lies with those who have the wider vision.
Toleration is good for all, or it is good for none.
Tolerance is the virtue of the man without convictions.
Tolerance is the eager and glad acceptance of the way along which others seek the truth.
Tolerance is a very dull virtue. It is boring. Unlike love, it has always had a bad press. It is negative. It merely means putting up with people, being able to stand things.
Tolerance implies a respect for another person, not because he is wrong or even because he is right, but because he is human.
Tolerance is another word for indifference.
The highest result of education is tolerance.
Tolerance implies a gratuitous assumption of the inferiority of other faiths to one's own.
We tend to idealize tolerance, then wonder why we find ourselves infested with losers and nut cases.
Tolerance can lead to learning something.
Tolerance is the first principle of community; it is the spirit which conserves the best that all men think.
Tolerance it a tremendous virtue, but the immediate neighbors of tolerance are apathy and weakness.
Tolerance is held to be a condition of mind which is encouraged by, and is necessary for, civilization.
Tolerance always has limits - it cannot tolerate what is itself actively intolerant.
Tolerance is the ability to forgive those who tend to speak before thinking.
Tolerance isn't about not having beliefs. It's about how your beliefs lead you to treat people who disagree with you.
Tolerance of intolerance is cowardice.
Tolerance is nothing more than patience with boundaries.
The human family is very diverse, with many different beliefs and cultures and ways of life. Many conflicts in our world are caused when people are intolerant of the ways that others see the world. Learning tolerance is an important cornerstone to creating a better world.
Be tolerant with others and strict with yourself.
One of the greatest disasters of our time is our universal acceptance of the word 'tolerance' as a great virtue.
We are in favor of tolerance, but it is a very difficult thing to tolerate the intolerant and impossible to tolerate the intolerable.
Toleration is the greatest gift of the mind; it requires the same effort of the brain that it takes to balance oneself on a bicycle.
Tolerance is the virtue of men who don't believe in anything.
Tolerance is often championed by people who nothing to stand for.
How do we create a harmonious society out of so many kinds of people? The key is tolerance--the one value that is indispensable in creating community.
Tolerance is the only real test of civilization.
The reward of tolerance is the presence of peace of mind.
I have seen great intolerance shown in support of tolerance.
Nothing is more conducive to peace of mind than not having any opinion at all.
Tolerance is you saying something crazy and me smiling and saying, 'That's nice.
I think more tolerance, more people having more access to a chance to be literate, and a chance to stay healthy makes for a more peaceful planet.
Those wearing tolerance for a label call other views intolerable.
The word 'tolerance' once meant we all have the right to argue rationally for our deepest convictions in the public arena. Now it means those convictions are not even subject to rational debate.