If a free society cannot help the many who are poor, it cannot save the few who are rich.
You aren't wealthy until you have something money can't buy.
Wealth is the ability to fully experience life.
Beware of little expenses. A small leak will sink a great ship.
When wealth is lost, nothing is lost. When health is lost, something is lost. When character is lost, all is lost.
It is neither wealth nor splendor; but tranquility and occupation which give you happiness.
I am grateful for the blessings of wealth, but it hasn't changed who I am. My feet are still on the ground. I'm just wearing better shoes.
Wealth consists not in having great possessions, but in having few wants.
He is rich or poor according to what he is, not according to what he has.
All riches have their origin in mind. Wealth is in ideas not money.
If we command our wealth, we shall be rich and free; if our wealth commands us, we are poor indeed.
The real measure of your wealth is how much you'd be worth if you lost all your money.
Empty pockets never held anyone back. Only empty heads and empty hearts can do that.
Wealth stays with us a little moment if at all. Only our characters are steadfast, not our gold.
The way to wealth depends on just two words, industry and frugality.
In every well-governed state wealth is a sacred thing. In democracies it is the only sacred thing.
Wealth is power, and power is the only thing about which contemporary culture cares.
But wealth is a great means of refinement and it is a security for gentleness, since it removes disturbing anxieties.
Our wealth is often a snare to ourselves, and always a temptation to others.
Wealth is the Conjurer's Devil, Whom, when he thinks he hath, the Devil hath him.
Wealth is the smallest thing on earth, the least gift that God has bestowed on mankind.
All wealth is the product of labor.
Seek not greater wealth, but simpler pleasure. Not higher fortune, but deeper felicity.
Wealth is nothing more or less than a tool to do things with. It is like the fuel that runs the furnace or the belt that runs the wheel only a means to an end.
Wealth, in even the most improbable cases, manages to convey the aspect of intelligence.
Wealth is the slave of a wise man. The master of a fool.
Wealth is the product of man's capacity to think.
Better a diamond with a flaw than a pebble without one.
Earth is dearer than gold.
If you know how to spend less than you get, you have the philosopher's stone.
Save money and money will save you.
The devil dances in empty pockets.
Wealth is both an enemy and a friend.
Wealth is but dung; useful only when spread.
Wealth is not his that has it, but his that enjoys it.
Who is rich? He that enjoys his portion.
Worldly prosperity is like writing on water.