Deal with the faults of others as gently as your own.
Justice is truth in action.
A new broom sweeps clean but an old broom knows the corners.
Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day; teach a man to fish and he'll eat forever.
He who has a why to live can bear almost any how.
Silence is often misinterpreted but never misquoted.
Lost time is never found again.
The wise understand by themselves; fools follow the reports of others.
When our imperfect judgments are aggregated in the right way, our collective intelligence is often excellent.
The goal of human nature, of any nature is blessedness. If we do not reach this goal, it is a sign that we are headed in the wrong direction.
To know how to grow old is the master work of wisdom, and one of the most difficult chapters in the great art of living.
One should speak little with others and much with oneself.
When you say one thing, the clever person understands three.
The riches that are in the heart cannot be stolen.
The only thing we can know is that we know nothing and that is the highest flight of human wisdom.
The young man knows the rules, but the old man knows the exceptions.
Plan your life like you will live forever, and live your life like you will die the next day.
Proverbs are short sentences drawn from long experience.
Desires are brought to live depending on one’s wisdom. Wisdom gives direction to desires.
Wisdom is ofttimes nearer when we stoop than when we soar.
A proverb is one man's wit and all men's wisdom.
A blind person who sees is better than a seeing person who is blind.
A proverb is a short sentence based on long experience.
Economy is the wealth of the poor and the wisdom of the rich.
Even a fish wouldn't get into trouble if it kept its mouth shut.
He that respects himself is safe from others.
He who flees at the right time can fight again.
A crown's no cure for a headache.
Life is a journey, not a destination.
In bad things be slow; in good things be fast.
Just because something is common sense doesn't mean it's common practice.
Nothing is impossible to the willing mind.
One head cannot hold all wisdom.
Plan your life at New Year's, your day at dawn.
Proverbs are the daughters of experience.
Wisdom is to live in the present, plan for the future and profit from the past.
The errors of a wise man make your rule rather than the perfections of a fool.
The more things change, the more they stay the same.
The truly rich are those who enjoy what they have.
The wise do as much as they should, not as much as they can.
What's good for the goose is good for the gander.
Wisdom is easy to carry but difficult to gather.
Wonder is the beginning of wisdom,
Wisdom has always been the wealth of the common people.
Health is better than wealth.
You can never plan the future by the past.
You can lead a horse to water but you can't make him drink.
Live and let live.
You have to take the bitter with the sweet.
Everything in moderation.
Life is what you make it.
All's well that ends well.
Out of sight, out of mind.
You can only die once.
Knowledge comes but wisdom lingers.
It is better to remain silent at the risk of being thought a fool, than to speak and remove all doubt
The fool doth think he is wise, but the wise man knows himself to be a fool.
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to reform (or pause and reflect).
Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom.
The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing.
The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom.
Science is organized knowledge. Wisdom is organized life.
The older you get, the more quiet you become. Life humbles you so deeply as you age. You realize how much nonsense you’ve waste time on.
Never, no, never did nature say one thing and wisdom say another.
Knowledge is knowing what to say. Wisdom is knowing when to say it.
The invariable mark of wisdom is to see the miraculous in the common.
Seek the wisdom of the ages, but look at the world through the eyes of a child.
It is the province of knowledge to speak, and it is the privilege of wisdom to listen.
Wisdom is the daughter of experience.
It is said that wisdom lies not in seeing things, but seeing through things.
Knowledge is learning something every day. Wisdom is letting go of something every day.
Silence is the sleep that nourishes wisdom.
A loving heart is the truest wisdom.
The wise man hath his thoughts in his head; the fool, on his tongue.
Patience is the companion of wisdom.
We are made wise not by the recollection of our past, but by the responsibility for our future.
Wisdom is not wisdom when it is derived from books alone.
Knowledge speaks, but wisdom listens.
Wisdom is knowing the right path to take. Integrity is taking it.
Wisdom is the supreme part of happiness.
It is characteristic of wisdom not to do desperate things.
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
Any fool can know. The point is to understand.
The best index to a person's character is how he treats people who can't do him any good, and how he treats people who can't fight back.
Think before you speak. Read before you think.
Never let your sense of morals prevent you from doing what's right.
The simple things are also the most extraordinary things, and only the wise can see them.
By three methods we may learn wisdom: First, by reflection, which is noblest; Second, by imitation, which is easiest; and third by experience, which is the bitterest.
You do not write your life with words...You write it with actions. What you think is not important. It is only important what you do.
Let no man pull you so low as to hate him.
God will not look you over for medals, degrees or diplomas but for scars.
Yesterday I was clever, so I wanted to change the world. Today I am wise, so I am changing myself.
The knight of knowledge must be able not only to love his enemies but also to hate his friends.
You will do foolish things, but do them with enthusiasm.
The measure of intelligence is the ability to change.
Follow your heart, listen to your inner voice, stop caring about what others think.
Failure is the condiment which gives success its flavor.
Don't waste your time with explanations: people only hear what they want to hear.
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.
Hold fast to dreams for if dreams die life is a broken-winged bird, that cannot fly.
Faith gives us strength and reassurance and leaves us bathed in the wisdom that we are never alone.
Faith gives us strength and reassurance and leaves us bathed in the wisdom that we are never alone.
Wisdom is not a product of schooling but of the lifelong attempt to acquire it.
Turn your wounds into wisdom.
Let your actions demonstrate your wisdom.
Wisdom is more precious than jewels, nothing else is so worthy of desire.
Knowledge comes from learning. Wisdom comes from living.
If you have the guts to keep making mistakes, your wisdom and intelligence leap forward with huge momentum.
A wise owl sat on an oak, the more he saw the less he spoke, the less he spoke the more he heard.